Mala & Henry: 100 Days In The Overworld
When brave and curious Mala and bookish Henry discover a strange creeper bookmark, they're suddenly pulled right into the blocky world of Minecraft! Both Minecraft users themselves, they must relearn how to punch trees, craft tools, and fight monsters. Inside the game, everything is different than on screen: it's real, and so are the dangers.

At Cherry Wood Academy, a giant base and school built by other trapped kids like themselves, Mala and Henry make new friends and attend classes to learn about how to live and adapt to their new life in Minecraft. Rumor has it that a portal home appears every hundred days, and they just need to figure out how to activate it when it does. But monsters aren't the only ones they need to worry about while they wait. Griefers, a group of runaways from Cherry Wood Academy, are fed up with being stuck in the game and have decided to find an exit on their own at all costs.

Mala, Henry, and their new friends are determined to get everyone home. This means being faced with the task of uniting the kids at Cherry Wood Academy and the griefers, as they find that there is strength in numbers and the best way out is together.


The Four Gods Of Hali
Fantasy • Adventure • 318 Pages
In the magical world of Hali, Halimah Samra is a focused student attending the top magic academy and tries her best to ignore her stuck-up competitor, Ewen Hanif. But when Halimah’s magic suddenly changes, her world is turned upside down as she discovers she is the child of the late Goddess of Life. Her old rival becomes her closest ally, and Halimah is swept into a journey across Hali. She and Ewen travel under the guidance of the cat Professor Lethco to seek the wisdom of the remaining former gods, only to discover the former gods are vanishing.

Halimah must learn to master her newfound magic, and as whispers of war stir between the winged folk, her journey leads her to Saedyn, the son of the former flame god, and Crow, a mail carrier with a hidden gift: the rare and dangerous void magic.

Halimah stands at the crossroads of fate, friendship, and the discovery of her true self in this sweeping tale of magic, destiny, and the courage to choose your own path.

https://www.amazon.com/Four-Gods-Hali-Sienna-Sunflower/dp/B0GDJFHKB3


The Secret Beneath The Crystal Surface
Slice-of-life • Friendship • 308 Pages
Ruby Zhang’s summer vacation in Maui starts off normal enough—until she meets a merman on the beach.

Back home in foggy San Francisco, Ruby’s days are filled with studying for AP exams, late-night band rehearsals, and laughter with her best friends: Grace and Tye, twins with big dreams; Mari, a passionate club leader; and Tomas, a quiet musician. Together, they are preparing to debut their first original song at the end-of-year variety show. Yet beneath the surface of ordinary high school days, among these close friends, there are still unspoken fears and quiet hopes: the pressure to be perfect, the weight of family expectations, the longing for something—or someone—just out of reach.

When Ruby misses the show as her family takes her to Hawaii for her dad’s business trip, Ruby’s dismay quickly fades when she meets someone impossible: a merman beneath the waves.

A gentle coming-of-age story about friendship, music, and the secrets we keep, The Secret Beneath The Crystal Surface follows five friends as they finish their junior year of high school and into summer.

https://www.amazon.com/Secret-Beneath-Crystal-Surface/dp/B0GWLWFK38


To Sail The Sea Of Stars
Fantasy • Vampires • 548 Pages
Corinna has only ever known the cold cruelty of slavery, where each day is a slow torture under the rule of a kingdom that has no place for her people. But everything changes the night she saves a stranger in the woods and discovers that the woman is a vampire.

Talon is an immortal burdened by blood and regret. Though, despite being a vampire, her mind, emotions, and unbeating heart are very much human. When Corinna risks her life for her, a fragile trust begins to form between them.

As winter deepens, Corinna’s younger sister is torn away from the rest of her family. Corinna must decide if she’s willing to risk everything to reunite with her, even if it means defying the chains of her world and allying herself with vampires to reach for something greater.

As she and Talon continue to grow closer, Corinna has to balance her family's concerns about her new vampire companion with following her own heart and conscience.

https://www.amazon.com/Sail-Sea-Stars-Sienna/dp/B0DK2HW451


She Who Bloomed From Blood And Snow
Fantasy • Vampires • 280 Pages
She Who Bloomed From Blood And Snow is the story of a young woman with many names trying to find her way after being turned into a vampire. She was days away from her long-anticipated marriage with her childhood sweetheart—until a vampire tore her world apart.

Forced into a new world of darkness, she clings to memories of love, warmth, and the life she lost. Even in her darkest hours, instead of breaking, she blooms into something powerful, something dangerous, something even she never expected.

But upon becoming immortal, all she can do is watch time and time again as the people and lands she loves wither around her. She fights to remain on the right path, but in a world of eternal night, it is easy to get lost in the darkness.

https://www.amazon.com/She-Who-Bloomed-Blood-Snow/dp/B0GDKDTBW6


Blue Jay
Science Fiction • 238 Pages
In a colorless city where the sky is hidden by towering concrete, sixteen-year-old Julia Wright drifts through life as a nobody. Anxious, quiet, and haunted by childhood traumas as a subject of human experimentation, Julia drifts through each day with little more than her worn backpack, her memories of a boy named Teddy, and the wish to just be a normal girl.

School offers little comfort, but Julia’s monochrome world begins to change when her astrophysics teacher, Ms. Fujiwara, offers up an opportunity to babysit her young daughter, Miyoko. As Julia watches Miyoko dance in a colorful world full of dolls and magic, she simultaneously discovers the childhood she never had and finds that there are still beautiful things in the world.

Yet Julia’s past—marked by glowing veins, Teddy’s soft voice in her dreams, and a sister who loathed her to the bone—floods back as her powers draw the attention of a secret agency.

In the quiet moments between polluted city streets and silent apartment walls, Julia grapples with memories of what was done to her, who she is today, what it means to be a hero, and what it means to exist in the world.

https://www.amazon.com/Blue-Jay-Sienna-Sunflower/dp/B0GDK6R977


Sunset Smoke
Fantasy • Ancient Style • 416 Pages
A low-level demon longs to be human and is banished to the human realm as punishment. To the daydreaming demon, this so-called punishment is actually a blessing. Once able to take on a human form, the demon is eager to experience everything the human realm has to offer: She wants to fall in love and meet the sword-wielding heroes she’s always dreamed of.

When she meets Yuxin, a village girl shunned as cursed, the two form a bond of sisterhood, vowing to start a new life together. But fate has other plans and the girls are separated.

Now walking two very different paths, the sisters reunite years later and start anew. Yet even as they carve out a new life, destiny and desire threaten to pull them apart again.

With the passing of time, the demon begins to see the dark side of the human realm. She learns about friendship, sisterhood, and love, but she is also introduced to pain, sorrow, and death. A journey that begins in hope finds its end somewhere between forgiveness and farewell. In a world where heroes can lose their way and demons can be good, loyalty is tested, and choices blur between right and wrong.

https://www.amazon.com/Sunset-Smoke-Sienna-Sunflower/dp/B0GDHVML96