Ember


Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ember. Ember lived with his stepmother and two stepsisters. Even though Ember’s stepmother was mean, Ember’s stepsisters were nice. Ember’s room was next to the kitchen, where the warm glow of the stove’s embers often made its way into his room. Because of this, his family called him Ember.
Ember would spend a lot of time doing activities with his stepsisters. He would help them play dress-up. Whenever they played dress up, Ember’s stepsisters would have him play the prince. That was okay, but Ember secretly wanted to dress up in pretty dresses too.
        Ember would accompany his stepsisters when they went shopping. As they shopped, he would look at the dresses on display. Whenever they bought pretty dresses with ribbons and bows, Ember felt sad. He wanted to wear the dresses too.
        One day, it was announced that the king and queen were hosting a ball. Ember’s stepmother and stepsisters were invited to the ball. Ember begged his stepsisters to let him go as well. His stepsisters tried their best to have their mother let Ember go, but she said no.
        That night, Ember’s stepsisters were playing dress-up again. One of them was dressed as a fairy with sparkly wings. “Do you really want to go to the ball, Ember?” she asked.
        Ember nodded. “I really want to go! I want to wear a beautiful dress and dance.”
        Ember’s stepsister waved her wand. “I’ll grant your wish.”
        Ember’s two stepsisters danced around the room, grabbing different dresses and accessories. They tried many combinations until they found the perfect one. With a wig and makeup, Ember looked like a princess. Ember looked at his reflection, overjoyed.
        “You can go to the ball now,” his other stepsister said. “Our mother won’t recognize you. But you have to make sure to get home before she does. To get back in time, you have to leave the ball at midnight.”
        At the ball, Ember looked around the ballroom in awe. There were so many dresses! Ember’s stepsisters found Ember, and the three of them danced together.
        Just then, another boy walked over. “Can I dance with you?” he asked.
        Ember blinked when he realized the boy was talking to him. “Dance with me?”
        The boy nodded. “Yes.”
Ember was excited as the boy led him onto the dance floor. The two of them danced together. After they danced, they went to the garden.
        “I love your dress,” the boy said. He looked sad. “I always wanted to wear a dress like that. But my parents don’t allow me to because I’m a boy.”
        Ember smiled, then took off his wig. “I’m a boy too!”
        “Wow!” the boy said. “Your parents let you wear a dress to the ball?”
        “My stepsisters did,” Ember told him. “Do you want to try it on?”
        “Yes!” the boy said eagerly.
        Ember helped the boy change into the dress, and he changed into the boy’s clothes. The boy looked very happy as he twirled around.
        Suddenly, a group of servants hurried past them. “Your Highness!” the servants called as they searched the garden. “Your Highness, where are you?”
        Ember looked at the boy. “They’re looking for the prince.”
        The boy gave Ember a knowing look. “I am the prince.”
        Ember stared. “You’re the prince?”
        After changing their clothes back, the two of them talked for a while. They had a lot in common and quickly became friends. They were talking for so long that Ember only remembered what time it was when the clock tower sounded. It was midnight. He had to go home!
        “I have to go!” Ember said frantically.
        “Wait!” the prince called as Ember started to run off. The prince caught Ember’s lacy glove and pulled it off. Ember wanted to wait, but he couldn’t wait. “What’s your name?” the prince shouted after him, but Ember was already too far away.
        Ember arrived home just in time and quickly changed his clothes. He washed off his makeup and put away the wig. He had just jumped into bed and turned off the lights when he heard his stepmother and stepsisters arrive home. His stepmother marched down the stairs and into his room. When she saw that Ember was sleeping, she left again.
        The next day, Ember was walking through town with his stepsisters. “Who was that boy who asked you to dance?” one of them asked.
        Ember smiled. “Someone very cool.”
        When they got home, Ember’s stepmother was pacing back and forth. “It’s the prince!” she said. “Last night, a girl left her glove with him. He’s coming out of the castle to look for her and ask her to be his friend. Girls, you have to say the glove is yours!”
        “Can I see the glove too?” Ember asked hopefully. He knew the glove was his.
        “No,” his stepmother snapped. “This has nothing to do with you. When the prince comes to our house, I want you in your room!”
        Later in the week, the prince arrived at their door. Ember lingered on the staircase, hoping to glimpse the prince. But his stepmother noticed him just as the prince entered the house. She dragged him back down the stairs and into the kitchens. “I want you to wash dishes until the prince leaves!” she demanded.
        “Does this glove belong to any of you?” the prince asked, his voice floating down the stairs.
        “That’s my glove,” one of Ember’s stepsisters said.
        The prince’s tone was disappointed. “All the girls have said that.”
        “But,” the stepsister added quickly, “I wasn’t the one who wore it to the ball.”
        “There’s someone else in this house?” the prince asked hopefully.
        “Only my stepson,” the stepmother said.
        “Quick!” the prince said excitedly. “Have him come out!”
        This time, Ember hurried up the stairs. “I wore the glove to the ball!”
        The prince’s face split into a grin. “It’s you!”
        Ember’s stepsisters cheered, and Ember’s stepmother was in shock.
        “You’re my friend,” the prince told Ember. “The owner of the glove has earned the title of the prince’s friend. You can come to the castle any time to find me.”
        After that, Ember would spend his days with the prince. The two of them would play dress-up together, since the king and queen realized how happy it made the prince feel. At home, because Ember had made them close with the royal family, Ember’s stepmother now did her best to be nice to him too. Ember often took his stepsisters with him to all play dress-up, and everyone lived happily ever after.