Sunset Smoke

    Prologue

      The sound of hooves echoed through the air as horsemen galloped across the lands. Grass flew in their wake as they gave chase to the brilliant streak of light tumbling through the sky. They chased it across vast green fields and over fog-shrouded mountains. Even the sea merchants floating on the water pointed at the light, shaking and turning to each other to confirm they were all seeing the same thing.
      From the imperial palace to distant farms, people stopped to look up and stare. For a moment, the entire world watched the flash of light whirl across the heavens-a shooting star in daylight-arching toward the earth below.
      And then, just like that, the light was gone. Time lurched back into motion, and people returned to their daily activities, whispering among themselves as they speculated about what sort of sign the star was. But not everyone had witnessed the light, for at that same moment, in a village hidden deep within the bamboo forests, a baby girl was born.
    

    Chapter One

	I opened my eyes to find myself in a maze of greenery, with bamboo stalks shooting up as far as the eye could see. I blinked a couple of times, marveling at how the sunlight filtering through the leaves cut through the fog.
      Sunlight! I could feel my excitement grow as I looked around, eager to hurry over and take a closer look. Except . . . I couldn't move.
	I had no physical form here. Not now, not yet.
	I stared up at the leaves and let out a disappointed sigh. So much for exploring.
      Suddenly, there was a rustle among the bamboo. My bubbly excitement returned as I waited for it to near. Would this be where I would meet my first friend?
	Something brown and furry jumped out of the bushes. I looked at the animal, and the animal looked back, sniffing at me with its pink nose. A bunny! I laughed in delight. I had read about bunnies before, and now I could finally see one in person.
	In a blink of an eye, I became the bunny. At first, the bunny seemed confused that a second soul was now inhabiting its body, but before long we found ourselves getting along quite well. I would go wherever the bunny went and could see through its eyes as it carried me through the forest.
      It must have been a few days before the bunny finally ambled over to a clear stream to drink. There I noticed that the bunny's reflection wasn't entirely what I thought it would be. Poking out of the bunny's head, right in front of its fuzzy ears, were two little horns. My horns.
	I inhaled sharply, and they vanished.
	I spent the next few years letting the bunny carry me around the forest. Every morning, I breathed in the damp, misty air and relished the feeling of the mud on the forest floor beneath me.
	Eventually, the bunny I was inhabiting began to slow down. Its movements weren't nearly as fast and light as before. And then one day, the bunny's soul vanished entirely, and I was left alone in its body. There were no longer two of us. It was just me as the bunny now.
	I mourned the bunny's soul for three days and three nights before carrying on through the forest. I wandered aimlessly for many days before I came across the sound of footsteps.
      I hid behind the stalks of bamboo, watching eagerly as the humans emerged from the trees. There were five of them, and all of them were male. Each of them had a quiver of arrows slung over their shoulders and held a bow in hand.
	I watched as they passed by my hiding place and continued deeper into the forest. Once they vanished, I hopped over to the deep imprints their shoes had left in the dirt. There had to be more people where they came from, so I decided to follow the footsteps.
	It didn't take me long to find the village, and it was difficult to contain my excitement as I hopped around, taking in all the wooden buildings. Despite the overall shabbiness of the village, if I listened carefully, I could hear the sounds of children laughing in the distance.
	As I made to hop forward, my paws were suddenly flailing against open air as I was lifted upward. I squirmed and twisted around to find myself in the hands of a young girl.
	"What do you think you're doing here?" the girl scolded as wriggled in her grasp. "If the villagers see you, you're going to end up as dinner!"
	I stopped struggling and looked up at the girl. She couldn't have been more than seven years old.
	The girl looked down at me as she cradled me in her arms. "Good bunny." She stroked my ears as she turned on her heel and walked me back into the surrounding forest. "Did you come all the way to the village because you were hungry? I'm sorry, I don't have any food on me right now. I'm going to take you back to the safety of the forest."
	Once we were a good distance from the village, the girl gently set me down. Looking up at her now, I could see that her clothing was ragged and fraying. Dirt covered her face and was matted into her black hair. From the ground, I noticed the bruises peeking out from beneath the coarse fabric of her pants.
	"There, there." The girl knelt down to pat me on the head. Even though her fingers were rough and callused, her touch was gentle. "You don't have to be afraid. You're safe now."
	I looked up at the girl with wide eyes.
	"I wish one day someone would save me," the girl said quietly. "Maybe if I was a bunny like you, everyone wouldn't bully me the way that they do."
	I hesitantly hopped closer to the girl. The girl just sighed and took a seat on the forest floor. She tipped her head back, looking up at the sky high above. A soft wind picked up, sending fallen leaves swirling over the forest floor.
      "I can't stay here long." The girl finally turned back to me. "Even though the other children push me around, I need to keep doing my best. I need to learn how to work. Then I can leave this village for good one day and finally begin my life."
      I determinedly nodded my head to the girl's words.
      The girl just blinked at me as she quickly leaned closer. "You-you can understand me?"
      I nodded again.
      The girl broke out into a smile as she jumped to her feet. She was practically dancing with excitement as she laughed. "I always knew I was the fated one! Look, look-even animals can understand me!"
      Even though I had no clue what the girl was referring to, I hopped along with her. Her excitement was contagious.
      Suddenly, there was the sound of quick footsteps coming from the path leading to the village. The girl must have noticed them too, because she immediately stopped dancing. Her smile faltered, and her entire posture caved. She quickly picked me up around the middle and set me behind a patch of bamboo before whirling around to face the path.
      "Xia Yuxin!" A woman emerged. The lines of her face were harsh and stony, and she was dressed in the same patched and fraying clothing as the girl.
      The girl, Yuxin, dropped her gaze to her feet.
      "What do you think you're doing here?" the woman demanded as she seized Yuxin's arm and dragged her back toward the village. "Slacking off, are you now? I heard someone laughing in the forest. I thought I had gone crazy, but it turns out it was just you, you good-for-nothing daughter! If I could have it my way, I would have sold you early to anyone who offered a price!"
      "Stepmother"-Yuxin let out a sob-"I was wrong. But the other children-"
      "Talking back?" Yuxin's stepmother snapped as she harshly pinched her daughter's arm. Yuxin let out a pained cry before falling silent. Stealing a glance over her shoulder, Yuxin's tearful eyes met mine. Go home, she mouthed.
      There wasn't anything I could do but watch sadly as the girl was dragged away.
      I stayed hidden in the forest until the sun began to drop from the sky. Only when night fully engulfed the land did I silently creep back toward the path and into the village. Careful to stay out of sight, I hopped along the outskirts of the village, following the two sets of footprints that belonged to Yuxin and her stepmother. The footprints stopped at the entrance to a battered house. I moved around to the window at the back and leaped up onto the ledge. What I saw nearly made me fall backward in surprise.
      Yuxin was lying face down on the floor, her dark hair spilling out in tangles around her. She seemed to be the only one in the small house, so I quickly hopped inside. I nuzzled Yuxin's hand with my nose, but she didn't move. I tried again, and this time the girl stirred.
      Yuxin slowly sat up. She clasped her head, then hissed and dropped her hand to rub her behind. She blinked as her eyes fell on me. "Bunny!" After glancing around fearfully, she lowered her voice as she leaned over to whisper, "What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here!"
      I just worriedly looked up at Yuxin. One of her eyes was swelling, and the color was already a shade of bluish-purple.
      Yuxin offered me a pained smile. "I'm fine, really. You shouldn't worry about me-you should be worrying about yourself." After climbing to her feet, Yuxin leaned over to lift me up. She gently stroked my ears before setting me down on the windowsill. "Go on," she whispered. "Run away to freedom." There was something sad in her voice as she looked out at the forest beyond.
      I looked at Yuxin, then to the forest, then back again.
      She let out a sigh. "I can't go with you. One day I'll leave this place. But that day isn't today. There are still so many things I need to learn how to do; I can only write about twenty characters in total, and three of those belong to my name."
      I still wouldn't leave, so Yuxin leaned over the windowsill and reached down to dip a bruised finger into one of the bowls collecting rainwater beneath it. "Yu," the girl said as she used the water to write on the wooden windowsill. "My late mother gave me the name 'jade' because she hoped that I would be able to bring wealth to the family when I grew up." She dipped her finger in the water and wrote again. "Xin. My mother chose the word 'heart' in the hope that I'd live a sincere life and be true to myself." By the time she had completed the last dot, the first character of "jade" was already beginning to fade.
      I watched the lines the girl had drawn on the windowsill until they vanished completely.
      "What about you?" Yuxin asked. "What's your name?"
      I blinked up at her and tilted my head to the side.
      Yuxin rested her arms on the windowsill. "Do you have a name?"
      I shook my head.
      "I'm not very good with coming up with names," Yuxin admitted. "I think Bunny works fine."
      
~
      
      When morning came, Yuxin stuck her head out the window and looked up at the golden sky. "Oh no! How long was I out?" I anxiously hopped from foot to foot as Yuxin quickly brushed loose strands of hair away from her face. She hurried toward the door, then paused as she looked over her shoulder. "Don't worry about me-go home to your family." After flashing me a final pained smile, Yuxin turned and hurried out of the tiny house.
      Instead of leaving as Yuxin had instructed, I jumped down from the windowsill. I quickly caught up with her outside and watched as she slowed down in front of one of the houses. Just as I was about to hop over to her, the sound of running footsteps stopped me in my tracks.
      "Xia Yuxin!" a mocking voice called.
      Yuxin froze and slowly turned around to face the group of children who had come to a stop in front of her.
      "Wow!" One of the children pointed a finger at Yuxin's swelling eye. "Who beat you up this time? Was it your stepmother or your father?"
      Yuxin just remained silent as her posture caved.
      "How many times do we have to tell you that we don't want to see your face around here?" The boy at the front of the group looked Yuxin up and down. "You're a curse who killed your own mother! We all hear the way your stepmother screams at you. If only you had been a boy and had been born a week later, you would have brought luck to us all instead of being such an inauspicious curse!"
      Even though there was fear in Yuxin's eyes, she lifted her head. Throwing back her shoulders, she turned and silently walked away.
      "Hey! Where do you think you're going?" a girl yelled angrily.
      "Yeah!" one of the boys jumped in. "We're not done with you yet!"
      Leaning down, the children picked up handfuls of stones from the ground and began hurling them at Yuxin.
      Yuxin let out a cry and she threw her arms in front of her face as she was pelted with stones. I looked on in horror as Yuxin collapsed to the ground. She rolled into a ball as the stones continued to bounce off her.
      At the sound of her cry, an older woman emerged from the house Yuxin had been standing in front of. "What do you children think you're doing?"
      The children stopped throwing their stones immediately. Still shaking on the ground, Yuxin slowly poked her head out to look at her savior. But the moment the woman realized who was on the ground, her mouth became a hard line, and she turned and marched back into the house.
      As soon as the woman vanished, the children once again began throwing their stones. When they finally grew bored, they turned and skipped off.
      Even long after the children were gone, Yuxin continued to lie there in the dirt. I timidly hopped over to her and nuzzled against her hand. Instead of saying anything, she just wrapped me in her arms and held me tight.
      
~

	"I guess nothing I say will be able to convince you to go home," Yuxin said with a sigh as I sat next to her on the floor of her family's house. "If you want to stay, you can stay. Don't say I didn't warn you, though. If you really do get caught, I don't think I'll be able to save you."
	I nodded. I knew how to be careful. I had made up my mind to stay. Even though a few hours had passed, I couldn't stop thinking about the way the village children had thrown stones at Yuxin.
	"It's true that I was born on an inauspicious day," Yuxin said sadly as she stroked my fur. "It's also true that our village has gone through some hard times. When I was born, our village was flooded. That year, our village flooded not once but seven times. The fortune tellers say a demon arrived in our world that day. Now whenever something goes wrong, my stepmother will blame it on me. If it rains while the laundry is hanging outside, it's my fault. If she runs out of thread before she can finish patching her clothing, it's my fault. For a while, I lost all hope. Maybe all I'd ever be is a cursed child. But then the old man arrived at the village. He only stayed for a day, but he changed my life. He told all the village children that soon an evil will sweep over the lands. In turn, a female hero will rise up to subdue the evil, and then, once the demon has left the world for good, peace will return to all of us."
	Demon? I hadn't come here to throw the human realm into turmoil. I didn't think I could even do so if I wanted; I had always been grouped among the lowest level demons. The extent of my magic was transformation, and even then I could only perform it on myself. And now, here in the human realm, I could already feel that magic fading.
	"But that wasn't the part of the story that caught my attention," Yuxin continued. "The female hero who rises up to face down the demon-she's said to originally have been a girl with a cursed fate. Ever since that day, I've found myself thinking, Could that girl be me? Even if she isn't, she still gives me hope. If a girl like her can rise up and become a hero, I should at least be able to escape this village and start a new life for myself, right? I've found you, after all. Or maybe it was you who found me."
	I just nuzzled up against Yuxin's hand, and she giggled as she scooped me up in her arms and hugged me tightly.
	Suddenly, there was the sound of footsteps stomping into the house, and Yuxin quickly tucked me under a fraying basket. "Where were you off to this time?" It was Yuxin's stepmother.
	This time a male voice answered. "I was just hunting with the other village men!"
	"Liar!" Yuxin's stepmother shrieked. "You think your own wife wouldn't notice that you were gone for an entire week? What is it? Are you looking for another woman now because I can't live up to your late-"
	There was the harsh sound of something making contact with flesh, followed by staggering footsteps.
	"How dare you hit me!" the stepmother yelled.
	"I've told you you're forbidden to talk about her like that!" Yuxin's father shouted over her curses. "Our late parents were the one who forced us together after my first wife passed away. You had one job, and that was to bare us a son! You call my daughter cursed, but I think you're the cursed one! Why have all our children died at birth? My late wife had one wish, and that was to raise her child in this village! But both of you make me sick. One of you killed my wife and the other has replaced her! So what if I want to escape this village for a short time and forget about all our troubles?"
	There was a clap of thunder from outside, and they both fell silent as the skies opened up in a downpour.
	"If you want to leave, then leave!" Yuxin's stepmother said heavily. I peered through the woven strips of the basket to see her clasping her cheek with one hand and pointing wildly at her husband with the other. "And take that curse of a daughter with you!"
	"I don't want her!" Yuxin's father snapped. "You've been her mother since you married me! You're supposed to be responsible for her!"
	As they argued back and forth, I finally mustered the courage to steal a glance at Yuxin, only to find that the girl had fallen asleep.
	The initial happiness I had felt when I first arrived in the human realm had faded. I stood there, under the basket, shaking from the roar of the storm outside the house and the rage within it.
	When morning finally came, the rain stopped just as quickly as it had started. After breakfast, Yuxin hid me in the basket of laundry she was taking down to the stream. At the stream, she got to work washing and beating the garments in the wooden bucket that was already waiting there on the rocks.
	"This is how you wash the clothing," Yuxin explained to me in an undertone. "You just beat it and beat it and beat it . . ." I watched as Yuxin continued to hit the clothes with a stick. She finally stopped, completely spent as she flopped over backward to stare up at the sky. Yuxin reached up with a hand as if she could grasp the sky and the bamboo leaves swaying back and forth before the infinite blue sea. "This is the only work they allow me to do here. They won't let me do any cooking-they won't let me get close to any sort of fire. Everyone here knows I'm the unlucky child, and they don't want to take any chances with me burning the village down."
	I hopped up onto Yuxin's stomach, and she giggled as wrapped her arms around me.
	She let out a sigh as she absently ran a hand through my fur. "You don't know how lucky I feel that we have each other now. One day we'll leave this place together, Bunny. Our lives have yet to begin."

~

	Over the next few years, I followed Yuxin everywhere she went. At night, when the entire village was asleep, I would silently hop into the forest and work on making a human form for myself. My inner force had never been very strong to begin with, but I wouldn't give up.
      As a bunny, I could only do so much for Yuxin. I couldn't talk or voice any of my thoughts or commiserations. I wanted a pair of arms for myself so I could hold her the way she would hold me through the stormy nights. I wanted to be human. I wanted to be a girl like Yuxin.
	Every night I would cultivate my power. And every night I would fail to transform myself into a human. But I wouldn't stop trying. I was determined to help Yuxin. At the end of the third year, I finally succeeded.
	This time, when the light faded, I was lying on the forest floor. My mind felt fuzzy, and I blinked up in a daze at the stars glittering in the night sky above. My fingers twitched as they brushed against something soft. Fingers! I-I have fingers!
	I sat bolt upright, holding my new hands out in front of me in excitement. I reached up and touched my face. I ran a hand through my long black hair.
	Feeling the soft sensation in my fingers, I turned and looked down at the lifeless body of the bunny I once inhabited. I smiled sadly; it was like saying goodbye to an old friend. I no longer needed a host; I had created a body for myself.
	I buried the bunny's corpse before shakily climbing to my feet. Finally, I used the last of my meager power to clothe myself in a dress like the ones worn by the people in the village. I could feel my magic flickering out, and this time, when I tried to call on it, it wouldn't respond. But I didn't mind, because from this day forward, I would be a human.
      I took a step toward the village but staggered as the world swayed. My eyelids were drooping, and I blinked rapidly to stay awake. With my power used up, I felt lethargic, and my mind was filling with fog. I had never slept before, but as I curled up on the forest floor, with the entire world bathed in silvery moonlight, sleep had never sounded better.
    

    Chapter Two

      "You! Yes, you! Don't think we don't see you hiding!" The voices echoed as I drifted among the rafters of the library, but they were only calling out because they, as a matter of face, couldn't find me. I had just started reading a new story, and I wanted to get to the end before it was time to get back to work.
	"Found you!" a voice called triumphantly.
	I nearly toppled off the rafters in surprise. As I floated there in the air, the other demons drifted up to meet me. Their dark, smoke-like bodies blended together as they formed a circle around me.
	"Reading about the human realm again?" one of the demons asked as it snatched the book from me.
	"Hey!" I flew forward to grab the book back, but the demons encircling me swooped forward like a solid wall, and I was tossed backward.
	"This is about the human realm?" Another demon laughed as they tossed the book back and forth between themselves. "What's so good about the human realm?"
	"The human realm has heroes," I said confidently as I continued to struggle for the book.
	"Heroes?" The demons looked at each other before bursting out into guffaws. "Don't tell us that you want to be a hero," one of the demons snickered. "You could never be a hero. In fact, you couldn't even be the villain. Maybe if you're lucky, you'll get to be the villain's sidekick!"
	At this point, I had given up trying to get my book back. "Do all of you have nothing better to do? I thought you didn't like the library. If Lady Hui finds you here, you're all going to get in trouble."
	As if on cue, a figure in flowing white robes glided into the long halls of the library. The demons around me shrieked as they quickly scattered. I caught my book as the demons tossed it into the air in their haste.
	"You," Lady Hui said coldly. "Come down here."
	I dejectedly floated down to the woman in the white.
	Lady Hui reached out with a pale, long-fingered hand to snatch the book from me. "You good-for-nothing demon," she scoffed as she flipped through the pages of the book.
	"Lady Hui, please," I pleaded as she grabbed me by one of the horns sticking out of my head and began dragging me toward the door, "I'm not causing any trouble. You know I've always done my job. Look, none of the ghosts I'm responsible for have ever escaped! I've already finished my work for the day. Please, let me stay here-"
	Lady Hui just ignored my words and tossed me out of the library. She didn't even bother closing the doors as she turned on her heel and glided back inside the gigantic building.
	I just floated there outside the library for a long time. I stared longingly at the books inside, but I wasn't one to break the rules twice in one day. I was just glad Lady Hui didn't tell the demon lord about my habits. Lady Hui was the demon lord's favorite. She was a painted-skin ghost and had apparently snatched the skin of the most beautiful woman in the human realm for herself some hundred years ago. Lady Hui and the other painted-skin ghosts were exceptions here in the demon realm. The vast majority of the other ghosts were creatures of nightmares.
	I drifted away from the library. My mind was still on the book I had been reading, and since I doubted I'd be able to get it back from Lady Hui any time soon, I decided to make up my own ending for it. The pair of sisters in the story would each marry their true loves and live happily forever.

~

	It seemed only a moment had passed since I closed my eyes, but the next moment, I found myself being shaken awake. The sunlight streaming through the bamboo hit me full in the face as I opened my eyes.
	"Hey!" a familiar voice called worriedly. "Are you alright?"
	My grogginess instantly vanished as my eyes fell on the bruised hand gently shaking my arm. I sat bolt upright and squinted against the light. "Yuxin!" I practically laughed out loud.
	"You know me?" Yuxin's eyes were wide. "I don't think I've ever seen you before."
	"I'm Bunny!" I beamed.
	Yuxin's mouth fell open. "Bunny?" 
      I nodded energetically as Yuxin gave herself only a moment's hesitation before throwing her arms around me in a tight hug. "I can't believe it!" Yuxin was half laughing, half crying. "But how?" Yuxin shook her head as she drew back to look at me in awe. "You must be a bunny spirit from the heavens. Did you spend hundreds of years cultivating a human form? Either way, it doesn't matter how. I always believed miracles could happen. And look-you're a human now!"
	"I wanted to be a human like you." I took Yuxin's hands in my own as I held her gaze. "I didn't want you to have to suffer alone."
	"Bunny," Yuxin sniffled, her eyes full of emotion, "with you there with me, I was never alone."
	When we both calmed down, I asked, "What are you doing out here in the forest?"
	"I was looking for you, of course," Yuxin said matter-of-factly. "I was worried that something happened to you-worried my own bad luck put you in danger."
	I held Yuxin's gaze. "Nothing bad has happened to me over these past few years with you. I don't think you're unlucky. The only unlucky part is how you were born into this village. Remember how you always told me that one day you'd leave this village behind? I'll go with you."
	"Soon," Yuxin said quietly, determinedly. "Soon we'll begin our new life." She took me by the hand and helped me to my feet. She squinted at me for a moment before blinking in astonishment. "It's so amazing! You actually look a little bit like me. We could be sisters!"
	"I wanted to be a girl like you," I explained. "And finally it worked!"
	"I don't know what will happen if we bring you into the village." Yuxin's smile faded. "I don't know if any of the villagers would let you stay with them either."
	"That's fine. I can just stay in the forest."
	"But what about food and shelter? Besides, you know how unpredictable the rain here is."
	"It's fine, I . . ." I trailed off as my stomach gave a loud rumble.
	Yuxin tugged me toward the path to the village. "It's better risking what the villagers will say than starving to death."
	I nodded as I followed Yuxin out of the forest. Even though I had spent the past few years sneaking among the villagers, this was the first time they would be meeting me in person. I knew all about them, but they never even suspected my existence.
	As we entered the village, the ambling villagers looked up from whatever they were doing to glance at me. Despite feeling uneasy from their stares, I tried my best to offer them a smile. After Yuxin explained to the villagers that I had been separated from my traveling party and that she found me in the forest, the villagers grudgingly agreed to let me stay with the other village orphans.
	After a few days passed, it became clear that the villagers weren't fond of my presence, especially since I always followed Yuxin around. And I was another mouth to feed. Even though they didn't say anything to my face, I could feel their eyes on me whenever I walked past, as if they were silently wishing for me to vanish.
	"I've decided, Bunny," Yuxin told me in an undertone as we sat on the wooden steps of her house, "we're going to leave this week."
	"This week?" I exclaimed.
	"Shh!" Yuxin held a finger to her lips, glancing around to make sure no one was listening. "We'll need food for our journey, and we'll need money. I'll start setting aside a few things for us to take with us. As for money . . . I'm not going to steal it from the other villagers. I know how to wash clothing. We can work for it along the way."
	I nodded confidently. "I'll help you."
	Yuxin sighed as she rested her head on my shoulder. "With every passing day, my will to leave this place just grows stronger and stronger. I'm done living as the curse of the village. I'm done being my parents' unwanted child. I know that my stepmother wants to sell me the first chance she gets, and with my father coming home less and less often, I fear she will take her chances any day now."
	"Let's leave tomorrow, then," I suggested. "We can leave in the middle of the night, and we'll be long gone before the villagers wake up."
	I could hear the resolve in Yuxin's voice. "Let's do it."

~

	Under the cover of night, I carefully crawled out from between the two children I'd been sleeping next to at the orphan shelter. Then, after silently grabbing my shoes, I made my way down the path running through the middle of the village. Yuxin was already waiting for me at the entrance of the forest.
	"Bunny!" Yuxin beckoned me over with an excited whisper. "Are you ready to go?"
	I nodded my head. "I'm ready."
	We walked for hours following the forest path. The moon was our only source of light, and the fog was so thick it was difficult to tell what was lying in the distance.
	"Are you afraid?" Yuxin asked.
	I shook my head. "I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid of anything. Well, except your parents."
	"I've never gone this far into the forest before," Yuxin whispered. "I'm scared. But I'm also excited. I've been waiting for this day for years. Beyond this forest, there will be no more late night arguments from my parents. There will be no more stone-throwing children."
	"We'll work for our own success!" I said as I skipped down the path. "We'll start small with our laundry business, and then once we've saved enough money, we can travel to a bigger city and continue the business there."
	"Yes!" Yuxin laughed. "And then we'll be able to live comfortably and do whatever we want to do."
	"But what happens if you are the female hero from the story that old man told you?" I turned around to face Yuxin, walking backward down the dirt path. "Would you still be willing to open a laundry business with me?"
	Yuxin giggled at that. "Even if I am the hero, I'll still need money!"
	I laughed too, and then Yuxin took me by the hand, and we sprinted down the path together.
	When the sky slowly began to lighten, Yuxin and I finally came to a stop. We took a seat off to the side of the path, and Yuxin opened the sack she had brought with her. She pulled out a steamed bun and split it in half. She handed me a portion, and I took it happily. "Yum!"
	Yuxin burst into laughter at that. "I wish I could live as simple a life as you, Bunny. Even these flavorless buns the village ladies make can make you happy."
	"Why shouldn't they make me happy?"
	Yuxin was silent as she looked sadly down at the bun she held in her hands.
	I placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. The coarse fabric of her top was rough under my fingers.
	"Here." Yuxin took my hand and pressed the remaining portion of her bun into it.
	"But what about you?" I tried my best to give it back.
	Yuxin just shook her head as she hopped out of my reach. "I think it will bring you more happiness than it will bring me. I'm not hungry anyway."
	"I'm not hungry either." I quickly shook my head as I tried again to hand it back. But my treacherous stomach let out a rumble.
	"Just eat it!" Yuxin laughed. "You can't fool me that easily."
	I sighed, but I was smiling all the same. "Okay, okay."
	After our brief break, the two of us continued on our way. The forest was silent save for the sound of the wind whispering through the leaves.
	"My parents probably noticed that we're gone by now," Yuxin commented absently.
	I suddenly frowned. "You're right. If they follow our footprints, well, our footprints will lead them right to us."
	"I don't think they care enough about us to give chase," Yuxin said thoughtfully. "I don't think they'll try and follow us."
	Around our second day of walking, the bamboo began to thin out. After we left the forest completely, the two of us walked down the dirt path toward a small collection of buildings in the distance. The sun beat down on us from overhead, and the closer we got, the more people joined us on the path. Horse-drawn carts rolled past us, and Yuxin and I looked on in awe.
	"We did it!" Yuxin grabbed my hands as she jumped up and down. She pulled me along, and the two of us ran the rest of the way down the path and into the town.
	With wide eyes, I took in all the wood and brick of the buildings that lined the streets.
	When we finally came to a stop in the center of the town, Yuxin seemed to have gotten over her initial rush of excitement. "If the villagers really do come looking for us, we can only stay here for a few days at most. I think this town is big enough that if someone does show up, it would probably take them some time to find us."
	Yuxin and I spent the majority of the afternoon walking through the town, admiring the buildings and the bustle. Street vendors were calling out their products, and Yuxin and I stopped many a time to ogle at the little ornaments and trinkets being sold.
	By the time the sun began to set, the two of us headed over to the river that ran through the middle of the town to rest for the night. We decided to take turns sleeping and keeping an eye out for anyone who might be looking for two runaway girls around the age of ten. Fortunately, no one showed up to bother us throughout the night.
      We spent the following morning begging people for money on the streets. It took a few hours, but we finally gathered enough coins to buy us a cheap wooden bucket, a laundry paddle, some powdered soap, and a couple of steamed buns.
	We returned to the river and sat down to eat. "How do you think we can attract customers?" I asked between bites.
	"We could yell out at people the way the street vendors do." Yuxin frowned slightly as she bit into her bun. "We just need enough money to last us as we travel to the next town."
	I turned the wooden bucket I had bought upside down before hopping up on top of it. "Washing clothes!" I called out as I cupped my hands to my mouth. "Washing clothes!"
	Yuxin giggled as I jumped up and down on the bucket, waving my hands at anyone who walked past. "Be careful!"
	For the first half of the day, it seemed like we really weren't going to get any customers. Yuxin and I sat back to back by the river. Our initial excitement of arriving at the town had begun to wear off, and we were beginning to feel the anxiousness set in.
	Just as we felt like losing hope, a middle-aged man came to a stop in front of us. Yuxin and I both looked up at him, and my eyes went immediately to the sword strapped to his back. The man seemed to notice where I was looking and chuckled. "Are you girls doing laundry? It just so happens that my overcoat needs a good washing."
	"Yes!" I quickly jumped to my feet and pulled Yuxin up along with me.
	The man handed me his coat, and Yuxin quickly filled our wooden bucket with water from the river. As Yuxin began washing the garment, the man dropped a few coins into my hand before taking a seat on the stone path. "What are you girls doing out here all by yourselves? Where are your parents?"
	"We're orphans," Yuxin said.
	"Orphans," the man echoed.
	"We just arrived in town," I explained as I took a seat next to Yuxin. "We have no money and no one to rely on except for each other."
	"Are you two sisters?" the man asked. "The two of you look quite similar."
	Yuxin nodded. "That's right. We're sisters."
	I turned back to look at the man. "Do you live here?"
	"Me?" The man laughed. "No, no. I'm just passing through."
	"You're a martial artist!" I said excitedly. "You have to be!"
	"I am," the man said matter-of-factly. "It's true that I'd consider myself part of the martial arts world, but even after all these years, I'm no master."
	"What's it like?" I asked eagerly.
	The man chuckled. "Well, if you want to hear a long story, you've come to the right person."
	Yuxin and I listened in awe as the man told us the story of one of his many adventures. The two of us were completely mesmerized by his tale. Even after Yuxin finished washing his overcoat and set it aside to dry, the man continued to sit with us, quite content in reliving his adventures.
	As he talked, other people wandered over to us, and we had a grand total of five customers that day. By the time the man finished his stories, the sun had begun to dip from the sky, and the clouds above were painted with pinks and oranges and reds.
	"Still a little damp," the man remarked as he felt the fabric of his overcoat. "How about we get something to eat? I'll pay."
	"We couldn't!" Yuxin and I protested, but the man brushed us off.
	"You listened to me talk for so long-it would only make sense to pay you back for your time."
	After Yuxin and I carefully stashed away our laundry supplies in an alleyway, the man took us to one of the restaurants, and despite our protests, bought each of us a bowl of noodles.
	The man sighed as we took a seat at the back of the restaurant and set his sword down next to our table. "I happen to be an orphan myself. And we orphans got to look out for each other, no?"
	"When did you decide to join the martial arts world?" I asked as we waited for our noodles to arrive.
	"Oh, it was many, many, years ago. When you're an orphan, there are only so many paths you can take when it comes to survival. I chose my path, and I hope the two of you choose wisely when it comes to yours."
	I fell silent after that as a waiter hurried over to our table with our food.
	"Are there many female heroes in the martial arts world?" Yuxin asked as she eagerly reached for her chopsticks.
	"Female heroes?" the man echoed. "There are quite many of them. Why, do you want to join the martial arts world?"
	"Do you know if there are heroes in the martial arts world that are powerful enough to subdue a demon? Is it even possible to subdue a demon? Do demons even exist?"
	"Demons?" The man blinked. His chopsticks were halfway to his mouth when he paused. "Are you talking about that story that's being spread around? It's just a bunch of nonsense if you ask me."
	"Nonsense?" Yuxin finished slurping up another mouthful of noodles before turning to face the man. "You don't believe that a demon will appear?"
	"I find it hard to believe." The man frowned faintly at the noodles that had slipped out of his grasp and fallen back into his bowl. "There's always rumors and stories like that being spread through the martial arts world. Only ten or twenty percent of the time do they ever hold any truth. I hope I can offer the two of you some advice before we part, though: Don't enter the martial arts world if you wish to live a long life. People like us are lucky if we can live beyond twenty-five years old."
	"But you must be at least fifty!" I piped up.
	The man let out an exasperated noise. "That's because I'm lucky. And do I really look that old? I'm thirty-one! Thirty-one, I tell you! I've had my fair share of near-death experiences, and I've lost many dear brothers along the way. The human heart and mind are never guaranteed to stay the same. That kind of life will change you."
	After a long silence, I said, "We'll take your word for it."
      When we were done with our meal, the man walked us back out onto the streets. "Where are you girls off to?" He had put his overcoat on and strapped his sword to his back.
	"We want to go that way." I pointed in the direction of the path leading out of the town.
	"We don't plan to stay here in this town for long," Yuxin added. "We wanted to try and make enough money to last us until we get to the next town."
	The man sighed. "I would offer to escort the two of you, but I just came from that direction. I cleared out all the bandits on the way too, mind you. Traveling should be safe enough for the next couple of days. But I'm heading that way, you see." He pointed in the opposite direction. "There's a small village in the middle of the forest that I'm supposed to pass through on my way to my destination."
	Yuxin and I exchanged a glance. That was where the two of us had just come from.
	"You girls shouldn't stay out here on the streets." The man pulled out a sack of coins and poured a very generous amount onto his hand. He held the coins out to Yuxin and me. "Take the money, and use it to find someplace to stay tonight. The rest of it can be used to aid you on your journey."
	Yuxin and I protested against accepting the money, but when the man persisted, both of us profusely thanked him again for everything.
      The man gave us a smile and a wave. "Maybe we'll see each other again. Or maybe before we meet, my luck will have finally run out, and if you want to see me then, you'll have to visit my grave. The name's Wu Ren. Remember it." And then he was off, walking away from us as he made his way down the slowly emptying street.
	We watched him until he completely vanished from view. Only then did Yuxin and I turn to each other. Yuxin's expression was that of shock, as if she still couldn't believe what had happened. "Hero Wu . . ."
	"I know." I shook my head in disbelief.
	"Come on." Yuxin took me by the arm as she finally recovered. "Let's go find a place to sleep."
	Even though Yuxin struggled to make out the characters on the signs, I knew how to read, and I quickly directed the two of us to a hotel. On the ground story, customers still sat around at the tables drinking. Slipping past them, Yuxin mustered the courage to ask one of the workers if we could get a small room for the night. At first, the worker seemed skeptical of us two kids, but when Yuxin held out the money to him, he just waved us in the direction of the stairs.
	Our room was tiny. The floor was covered in dirty shoe prints, and the smell of unwashed clothes lingered in the air. I wrinkled my nose as I walked over to open the window in the back of the room.
	Instead of sleeping on the filthy bed, Yuxin and I curled up in the corner of the room. Laying side by side on the floor, the warmth of our bodies kept us warm through the night.
      
~
      
	In the morning, I glanced back over my shoulder at the buildings as the two of us walked down the road leading out of the town. "How many days do you think it will take to get to the next town?"
	"It can't be more than a week's worth of walking," Yuxin said thoughtfully. "We should have enough food."
      "We won't really run into bandits, will we?"
      "Didn't Hero Wu say he cleared them out?" Yuxin said, but her tone was unconfident.
      Keeping our eyes peeled as we walked, the two of us moved as swiftly as possible toward the next town. Along the way, we were able to pay a farmer to let us hitch a ride on his wooden cart. Traveling with the farmer felt much safer, and we both thanked him when we arrived in the town.
      "Look!" I pointed excitedly at the buildings. Flowers bloomed in every direction, and bridges arched over the waterways.
      Yuxin jumped up and down in excitement. "Bunny, if we could settle here, wouldn't that be perfect? Knowing my parents, even if they did look for us in that first town, they'd give up quickly when they realized that we're not there."
      "Let's go set up our business!" I took Yuxin by the hand, and together we hurried down to the waterways snaking through the city.
      For the next few days, Yuxin and I spent our time washing clothing. Our shared pouch of money was gradually becoming heavier and heavier. Every night, the two of us would retire to one of the cheaper hotels.
      "Twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three . . ." I counted our coins from where I lay propped up on my elbows on the bed. Yuxin lay next to me as she watched me drop each coin back into the pouch.
      Yuxin tugged on a strand of her long black hair. "When we get to one hundred, we should buy ourselves some new clothes."
      I nodded my head as I dropped the last of our coins back into the pouch. "Agreed!"
      "We still have that martial artist to thank for giving us the funds to actually keep our little business going." Yuxin sighed. "I feel bad that we can't repay him."
      "Me too," I said sadly as I reached up to undo my hair.
      "In no time, we'll have our own shop!" Yuxin said determinedly. "By that time, we'll be living a good life."
      I smiled at that.
      "I've always wanted a sister," Yuxin admitted as she sat up.
      I sat up as well and wrapped my arms around Yuxin in a warm hug. "Well, you've got one now. We'll be sisters forever!"
	"We'll be together forever!" Yuxin giggled. "We'll grow up together, and after we've found boys to love here in this city, we could have a double wedding!"
	"I like the sound of that." I laughed as I let go of Yuxin. In the demon realm, love didn't exist. But now that I was here in the human realm, would I fall in love like all the heroes in the stories I read? When would I fall in love? How would I know when the time came?
	Yuxin elbowed me. "What are you thinking about?"
      I offered Yuxin my little finger. "Sisters forever?"
	Yuxin's smile lit up her entire face as she met my finger with her own. "Sisters forever."

~

	The next month went smoothly enough. However, when it came to finding a place where we could open a shop for ourselves, after talking among ourselves, Yuxin and I decided it was much more realistic to find someone who would hire us.
      We took a break from washing laundry by the waterways to search for anyone who might be hiring laundry girls. "Bunny," Yuxin said tiredly. "Do you think we're really going to make it here?" The two of us were leaning against the railing of an arched bridge.
	"We're going to," I said confidently as we gazed out over the bustling waterways and streets. "We've only been here for a month-of course we're going to start off small." When Yuxin still looked discouraged, I took her hand and gave it a squeeze. "Come, today will be the day when we actually buy ourselves some new clothes."
	Yuxin returned the smile as I led her over the bridge and down the street beyond. As the two of us made our way to the clothing shop, I suddenly realized that the streets were empty. Normally they were always bustling, and now they were silent. I slowed to a stop, tugging on Yuxin's sleeve.
	"Where is everyone?" I whispered.
	Yuxin paused for a moment, then picked up her pace. Her fingers tightened around mine. "Let's move quickly."
	But before we could make it halfway down the street, a deep male voice called out from behind us. "Are you girls lost?"
	Yuxin and I spun around. Three men were standing in the middle of the street, and the man at the front took a step forward. Even though he looked like an ordinary townsperson, there was just something about his energy that sent a shiver down my spine.
	The man extended a hand to us. "Come here."
	Yuxin took a step back. She tugged me along with her.
	"Be good girls," the man said, but an impatience had filled his voice.
	"Can't we just capture them now?" One of the men standing behind him asked. "We've been following them all week. We finally managed to clear the townspeople away from this street, but our men can't keep them away for long."
	"Capture us?" I asked faintly.
	"What do you want?" Yuxin demanded, trembling.
	"Get them!" commanded the man at the front, and the other two men sprinted forward.
	Yuxin and I screamed. We whirled around only to find three more men running at us from the opposite side of the street. Yuxin's eyes met mine. If we wanted to escape, we needed to split up and make a run for the narrow alleyways. I nodded shakily as I unwillingly let my hand drop from Yuxin's.
	The next thing I knew, we were sprinting in different directions. I could hear the men chasing after me as I crashed into the alleyway, running as fast as my legs could carry me while the sound of footsteps grew louder and louder.
	Just before I reached the bustling street at the other end of the alley, a pair of rough hands closed around me. They yanked me backward as I kicked and thrashed. I tried to scream, but someone forced a sweet-smelling cloth over my mouth and nose. The scent filled my head as I struggled. My movements felt lethargic as it clouded my mind. And then the next thing I knew, the world faded to black.
    

    Chapter Three

	Sometimes, when I closed my eyes, I could still picture Yuxin's smiling face. I could still hear her voice in my dreams. But whenever I opened my eyes, she would be gone.
	Even after all these years, I kept finding myself thinking back to that day. I still remembered the roughness of the rope that bound my hands. I still remembered the way it dug into my skin as I desperately scanned the faces of the other terrified girls in the wagon with me only to find that Yuxin was not among them.
	I sat in front of a small mirror, running my fingers over a wooden comb in my hand. The red marks from the rope had long faded from my wrists.
	"Xiyan," a voice said softly. I hastily reached up to wipe the tears stinging my eyes, turned away from the mirror, and smiled up at the girl standing in front of me. "Xiyan!" Her eyes instantly filled with concern. "Are you alright? Is something wrong?"
	I smiled even as I sniffled. "I'm fine, Weiwei."
	Weiwei shook her head as she took a seat on the bench next to me. "I can tell you're not fine. You're thinking about your sister, aren't you."
	"I just don't know how she's doing out there." I could feel the sadness as it tightened around my heart. I turned to look out the window. The branches of the trees outside were swaying lightly in the wind. The sun had just begun to rise, and the sky was still colored with hues of the night.
	Weiwei gently pried the comb from my hands. "I'll help you with your hair."
	I sat quietly as she braided and tied up my hair. In the mirror, I watched as the other young women in the room began to wake. They shuffled around, talking quietly among themselves as they changed out of their nightgowns. I had already changed into my maid's uniform, and the fabric was soft against my skin.
	Weiwei finished my hair, then leaned over my shoulder to offer me a smile in the copper mirror.
	One of the other young women came over to us. "Hu Qiuwei, Xia Xiyan, remember, the two of you are responsible for serving the princess's guests today."
	Weiwei offered the woman a reassuring smile. "We know, Sister Sun. Once they arrive at noon, we'll break from our regular duties to attend to them."
	The young woman nodded before walking away.
	I sighed once she was out of earshot. Out of all of us in this room, Sun Xiaoting was the oldest of us palace maids. And even though she was a maid just like the rest of us, she was the one who kept us on top of our work.
	"Come on"-Weiwei pulled me to my feet-"we've got ten minutes until we go to the kitchens for breakfast."
	"Weiwei," I sniffled. "Will I ever see my sister again?"
	"Of course you'll see her again," Weiwei said softly. "You just need to survive the palace long enough to get out."
	"I've been here for seven years now," I said sadly as I let her lead me out the door. I fixed my composure the moment we crossed the threshold, and I lowered my voice. "You've been here even longer."
	"It's not that bad here, though," Weiwei tried. "If we just keep our heads down, we get food and shelter and-"
	"But at what cost?" I asked tiredly. "If we had a choice, neither of us would be here in the palace, wasting away our lives in servitude."
	Weiwei dropped her gaze. "I know you got a short taste of freedom, but I never got to experience it at all. My father sold me himself. For me, this is a second chance at life."
	"But have you ever wondered if there's something more to life than this?"
	"Xiyan, we've gone over this before. This is life."
	"Haven't you ever dreamed of falling in love?" I asked wistfully as I looked up at the sky. The vast canvas was now painted in pink and orange from the sunrise, and the palace walls glowed golden in the light. "Have you ever dreamed of being able to live for yourself?"
	"I have. But to keep longing for what you don't have will just make you miserable."
	"You say that, but I get the feeling you dream anyway."
	After the two of us finished our breakfast in the kitchen, we spent the majority of the morning on our knees, scrubbing the wooden steps and railings of one of the palace's many courtyards.
	When noon came around, the two of us separated from the other maids to meet the princess's guests.
	The first young woman who was helped out of her carriage was dressed in purple. She held a fan in one hand and a box in the other. As she marched to the palace doors, the young woman unapologetically shoved the box into my arms and, without a second glance in my direction, brushed past me to step inside. I resisted the urge to grimace as I turned to follow her. Weiwei was left to help the second young woman now climbing out of the carriage.
	I silently followed the woman through the palace, and when we finally reached the princess's courtyard, there was a loud shriek as the doors to the princess's room flew open. The princess came flying out in a flurry of flowing red sleeves and skirts. Her maids trailed after her, noticeably flustered, until she skidded to a stop in front of the young woman in purple.
      Even though the princess couldn't be older than Weiwei and me, her demeanor was that of a girl much younger. As the emperor's youngest child and only daughter, the princess was spoiled to the point where what little manners she once possessed vanished entirely. The princess's eyes immediately fell on the box in my hands, and she squealed in delight. "Is this a present for me?"
	The young woman in the purple smiled politely. "I had this specially prepared for you, Your Highness. I hope Your Highness will like it."
	Knowing that was my cue, I stepped forward and held out the box to the princess. The princess eagerly snatched the box from me and flung open the lid. With my head bent down, I couldn't see what the gift was, but from the way the princess was giggling in delight, it must have pleased her. Then she paused. "Where's your older sister? I thought she was coming with you."
	"I'm here, I'm here," a voice called from behind us, and a young woman dressed in blue glided forward.
	"Hurry, hurry!" the princess said excitedly. "Do you have a present for me too?"
	Weiwei stepped forward, bowing as she presented a second box to the princess. Once the princess snatched the box from her, Weiwei stepped back to stand behind the woman in blue.
	"The two of you know me the best!" the princess said confidently after she closed the second box. "Come on, let's go to my garden. There's tea and desserts prepared."
	"Did Your Highness only prepare one maid each for us?" the young woman in blue asked as we all walked toward the gardens.
	"Of course not," the princess replied. "I've prepared your usual courtyard, complete with an entire staff of servants. After tea, I'll show you there myself."
	The woman in purple elegantly lifted her gauzy fan above her nose and let out a small laugh. "There's no need for you to go yourself, Your Highness. We remember the way."
	We reached the garden, and when the three noblewomen reached the pavilion in the center, they sat down and chatted for a long time. After pouring their tea, Weiwei and I stood off to the side with one of the princess's maids.
	After a while, the princess turned to look at me. "You, maid. Follow me."
	I hurried after the princess as she marched out of the pavilion.
	"I want you to tell my nanny to arrange the guest courtyard for my friends. Oh, and tell her to send in the maids and servants to serve them."
	"Yes, Your Highness." I bowed before hurrying off. Of course the princess had forgotten to prepare the courtyard.
	By the time I returned to the pavilion, the sun was beginning to make its way toward the horizon. "I think it's about time we retired to our chambers," said the young woman in blue as she rose from her seat.
	The princess nodded. "I think so too." Then she turned to Weiwei and me. "Show them the way."
	Weiwei and I curtsied to the princess before leading the two noblewomen out of the gardens. Once we had left the princess's wing, the two noblewomen immediately started talking. "I can't believe we wasted the entire afternoon accompanying the princess," the woman in purple scoffed. "I get a headache whenever she opens her mouth."
	"It's a good thing we had some extra jewelry in the manor," the woman in blue added. "Otherwise what would we look like if we showed up to the palace empty-handed?"
	The woman in purple laughed. "And the princess said she liked them. I can't believe she actually thinks we came here for her."
	I exchanged a glance with Weiwei as the two noblewomen brushed past us and into the guest courtyard. What I had gotten from their conversation with the princess was that these two noblewomen were sisters, and the one in blue was the elder one. Li was their family name, and the young woman whom I was trailing was named Li Qinghua.
	After the two noblewomen entered the room at the back of the courtyard, Weiwei and I helped them change out of their intricately embroidered dresses and into their nightgowns. All the luggage they brought had been dropped off and unpacked by the other maids already. I skillfully pulled out all of the golden hairpins adorning Li Qinghua's hair. After brushing it out, Weiwei and I silently curtsied to them before leaving the room and shutting the doors behind us.
	Just as we stepped outside, another maid hurried over to us. It was Sun Xiaoting, and she asked us to follow her down the wooden steps. Once we were a good distance from the room, Sun Xiaoting spoke quietly. "There's been a new arrangement. All the maids in our room are to come to the guest wing every day to serve the Li sisters. The two of you will only need to be their personal maids for another day or so until their own maids arrive with the rest of their luggage."
	"How long are they staying?" I asked quietly.
	"Two months," Sun Xiaoting answered.
	"Two months?" Weiwei echoed.
	Sun Xiaoting sighed as she led us out of the courtyard and back toward our quarters. "Their father is a famous general, and now that he's going to lead soldiers out of the capital, it only makes sense for them to come here. The sisters are candidates for potential brides for the princes, after all."
	When we arrived back at the maid quarters, I flopped face-first onto the long stretch of wood pressed against the side of the room, which served as our shared bed. Weiwei took a seat next to me as she began to undo the braids in my hair.
	There was soft chatter as the maids talked among themselves. Once everyone had returned to the room, Sun Xiaoting made her rounds, instructing everyone to go to bed.
	I flipped onto my back and stared up at the ceiling. Our normal routine of keeping the palace in order beat following the Li sisters around all day. At least when I was cleaning, Weiwei and I could chat together in lowered voices. Our normal routine allowed us to avoid the royals in the palace, but now that the sisters were here, it seemed like we would be seeing the princess a lot more. And spending too much time near any members of the imperial family wasn't exactly a good thing. But I knew my opinion didn't matter.
	A few years ago, a maid had a very close relationship with one of the princes. At the time, I would often overhear gossip about how the prince favored the young maid. But then the maid became pregnant, and shortly after the news spread around the palace, she vanished, never to be seen again.
	And then there was that one incident where the Crown Prince's wife-the princess consort-accused her husband of having an affair with a maid behind her back. The Crown Prince denied his wife's accusations, but all of the maids serving the eastern palace were then switched out by the princess consort and sent to the mines as slaves. To this day, no one knew what the truth was.
	I turned over in bed as my stomach let out a rumble. I had missed dinner. I shut my eyes. Tomorrow was going to be another long day.
	When I awoke in the morning, I sat by the mirror at the back of the room as I tied up my hair. The sky outside the window was still dark, and our room was still bathed in darkness. After breakfast, Weiwei and I headed to the guest's wing with breakfast for the Li sisters.
	When they finally woke up, I helped comb and pin up Li Qinghua's hair while Weiwei did Li Qingmei's. After the sisters finished dressing, Weiwei and I trailed them around the courtyard gardens. The blooming flowers were a burst of color in the otherwise lifeless palace. We followed them along the wooden bridges over the pond that glittered in the sunlight. Aside from the sisters' chatter, the air was still and quiet.
      Around late morning, a maid I didn't recognize walked over to the sisters. "The princess wishes to see you in her residence," she announced.
	"The princess?" Li Qingmei echoed distastefully as she set down her teacup.
      Li Qinghua didn't even bother to hide her frown behind her gauzy purple fan. "How annoying." With that said, the Li sisters exchanged a glance before rising from their seats.
	When we arrived at the princess's wing, the princess herself came running out of her room. Today she was dressed in pink, and the long fabric of her skirts fluttered in the spring breeze. "Qingmei, Qinghua, you're here!" she called excitedly.
	"We came as soon as Your Highness called," Li Qinghua said with a polite smile.
	"Exactly." Li Qingmei dipped her head in agreement. "We're the best of sisters. How could we not come immediately?"
	"I'm lucky to have such great sisters!" the princess grinned from ear to ear. "Come on, let's go do something fun." But just then, the princess froze as her eyes landed on something behind us. "Brother! What are you doing here?"
	The other maids and I quickly dropped our head and sank into deep curtsies. Even after I rose, I kept my head bent and my eyes on the ground.
	"Eldest Lady Li," the third prince acknowledged the Li sisters. "Second Lady Li."
	"Your Highness," the sisters chorused.
	Out of the corner of my eye, I glanced at the prince. I had only seen him in person a handful of times before. He was tall and at least ten years older than the princess.
	"What are you doing here?" the princess asked again, annoyed by her brother's arrival.
	"I heard that General Li's daughters arrived at the palace," the third prince explained smoothly. "I wanted to go greet them, but when I arrived at the guest wing, they had already gone to see you, my dear sister."
	The princess huffed. "You're ruining our fun. Leave!"
	Li Qingmei turned to the princess with a faint smile. "We don't mind the third prince's company."
	"His Highness came all the way here, after all," Li Qinghua added. "It would be rude to send His Highness away like that."
	"At least some of you are sensible," the prince chuckled as he ignored his sister. "I can't stay for long, though. I'm here on behalf of the other princes. They send their greetings."
	"Will you not accompany us for tea?" Li Qinghua asked in dismay.
	"How about this," the prince said. "I'll stay and drink a cup with the three of you. Then I really shouldn't delay much longer."
	The prince strolled forward despite the princess's protests. The Li sisters exchanged an excited look before they quickly followed him. Weiwei and I trailed after them, and the two of us were accompanied by other maids and bodyguards.
	"It's rare for me to have friends over," the princess said angrily when they all arrived at the pavilion. "Can't you leave them to me?"
	When the prince continued to ignore her, the princess snatched the teacup from him and flung it to the ground. The porcelain cup shattered on the stones. All the maids and bodyguards, including myself, instantly dropped to the floor and pressed our heads to the stones.
	"Your Highness!" the princess's maids piped fearfully. "Please calm down!"
      "I will not calm down!" the princess said shrilly. "I told my third brother that he's not allowed anywhere near my courtyard, and yet now he's here!"
      "My dear sister, I-" the prince started with a sigh.
	"I don't want to hear it!" the princess snapped. "You caused me to lose my favorite maid!"
	"Is this what you're mad about?" The third prince laughed, but there was something almost nervous in the sound. "Dear sister, you've got plenty of new maids." Then the prince glanced at us. "I think the princess is tired. See her to her room to rest, will you? And someone clean up these shards."
      Weiwei and I were there in an instant as we swiftly collected the fragments.
	The third prince turned back to the Li sisters as the fuming princess was ushered from the pavilion. "I'm sorry you had to see such an argument between siblings." He picked up the new teacup that one of his servants had poured for him and drank deeply.
	"It's fine." Li Qinghua smiled faintly. "It's only natural for siblings to argue."
	After spending some time politely chatting, the third prince rose from his seat, bid his farewell to the Li sisters, and took his leave. As Weiwei and I trailed the sisters back to the guest wing, the two of them remained silent until they were back in their room.
	"His Highness actually came to see us!" Li Qingmei squealed after Weiwei had shut the door behind the sisters. "The third prince actually came to see us! Did you see the way he looked at me? The next thing you know, I'm going to be his wife!"
	"Is something wrong with your brain?" Li Qinghua scoffed as she took a seat at the table in front of the window. She fanned herself lightly with her purple fan. "Who wants to be the third prince's wife?"
	Li Qingmei stared at her sister for a moment before hurrying over to take the chair across from her. Her blue skirts fluttered in her wake. "But he's the most handsome of all the princes."
	Li Qinghua set her fan down on the table. "He's the most impulsive of all the princes. He may seem polite on the outside, but the third prince will do anything to get his hands on what he thinks is his. All of that would be fine if he knew how to lie low. But he's an idiot and is constantly being manipulated by the people around him. Once he gets bold enough to fight the Crown Prince for the throne, it won't end well for him or anyone close to him. If you want to marry any of the princes, it should be the second prince. Even though he isn't as good-looking as his third brother, he's sly and cunning. If anyone can take down the Crown Prince, it will be him. And then, as his wife, you'll be the new princess consort."
	"What about you?" Li Qingmei asked. "Who do you have your eyes on?"
	"Me?" Li Qinghua said smugly. "I've got my eyes on the sixth prince."
	Li Qingmei wrinkled her nose. "What's so good about the sixth prince?"
	"What isn't there to like? He's the second most handsome of the princes, and he knows how to stay out of trouble. If I become his wife, I'll be able to live a comfortable life in the palace without worrying about getting caught up in the older princes' power struggle."
	"You're right! Of course my dear little sister always has the best foresight."
	Suddenly, I let out a soft hiss as pain blossomed through my finger. I had unconsciously slipped my hand over my waistband only to remember I stashed the fragments of the broken tea cup there. I quickly withdrew my finger, but I was already bleeding.
	The Li sisters' heads snapped up to look at me, and Li Qinghua let out a shriek. "Blood!"
	"Get her out of here!" Li Qingmei demanded shrilly.
	Weiwei was at my side in an instant, and the two of us hurried out of the room.
	"Are you alright?" Weiwei took my hand in her own and examined my bleeding finger with worried eyes.
	"I just wasn't careful and cut myself on the broken shards." I tried to offer Weiwei a smile, but I found myself tearing up from the stinging. "It hurts."
	"Let's find you a bandage." Weiwei glanced over her shoulder at the sister's room before motioning me to follow her.
	I shook my head as I trailed after her. "It's just a small cut. There's no need for bandages-just cleaning it will be fine."
	"Come on," Weiwei said quietly. "Let's dispose of the rest of the shards."
	After the two of us returned to our room, Weiwei prepared a bowl of water to wash my cut. I hissed softly as the water stung the wound. Weiwei helped me dry my hands with a clean cloth. When she was done, I walked over to the window, pushed it open, and rested my chin on my palms as I stared up at the blue sky.
      The human realm wasn't supposed to be like this. Why was there always so much pain and pettiness? Where were the brave and fearless heroes I read about in the library back in the demon realm? I absently watched the leaves of the tree outside the room sway as a gentle breeze picked up. The fabric of my sleeves fluttered in and out of my vision, and I found myself recalling the martial artist I had met all those years ago.
	"What are you thinking about?" Weiwei asked softly as she joined me at the window.
	I dropped my gaze from the sky to look at my friend. "Why do humans have to be this way?"
	"What way?"
	I sniffed. "Why do I have to feel pain when I cut myself?"
	Weiwei smiled gently as I rested my head on her shoulder. "All humans feel pain. It means we're alive."
	I shook my head. "But I don't like it."
	Weiwei just patted my head sympathetically. "Come on, we've got to go back to serve the Li sisters."
	"How many more days until their own maids get here? The way they talk makes my head want to explode. Why are they thinking about marrying into the imperial family? They should be trying to run as far away from the palace as they can get. They're not trapped inside its walls yet."
	"They don't want freedom," Weiwei said lightly. "They want the riches the palace has to offer."
	"But what's wrong with living a simple life? What's wrong with finding joy in the simple things?"
	"Some people will never feel satisfied with simple things, Xiyan."
	I sighed as the two of us left our room and began the long walk back to the guest wing and the Li sisters.

~

	The following morning, I found out with much dismay that the Li sisters' maids still hadn't arrived. According to a messenger, they had been delayed and would arrive sometime in the late afternoon.
	And so Weiwei and I were back in the sisters' room. We stood off to the side as the two of them gossiped about the princes.
      "I think we have a very good chance of becoming the wife of one of the princes," Li Qinghua was saying. "The emperor himself has invited Father to the palace many times before. I think His Majesty wants to connect our families-then he'll have Father's military power at his beck and call."
      "You want to marry the sixth prince," Li Qingmei said slowly. "But how do you plan to make him fall in love with you? He's the one that will need to propose to you, after all."
      Li Qinghua gave her sister a smug smile. "I have my ways."
      "But what about you?" Li Qingmei asked. "You don't love the sixth prince."
      Li Qinghua fanned herself with her fan. "Marriage is never about love. Love comes after marriage. I'm sure after we've become husband and wife, the sixth prince will come to love me."
      After a long pause, Li Qingmei changed the topic. "I heard that a famine just hit the western part of the kingdom. Father's going to be passing through there. Do you think he'll be alright?"
      "A famine?" Li Qinghua blinked. "How could there be a famine? We've got plenty of food to eat."
      "The people in the western part of the kingdom don't, though."
      "Well, if they don't have food, can't they just go buy some?" Li Qinghua asked impatiently. "All those commoners need to learn how to solve their own problems. They can't always come to us to fix all their problems for them, can they?"
      Li Qingmei frowned for a moment before shrugging. "You have a point." Then she changed the topic again. "Did you hear about Young Master Wen?"
      "What about him?" Li Qinghua asked, uninterested.
      "My cousin sent me a letter filling me in on the latest gossip," Li Qingmei said dramatically. "Young Master Wen and his wife died! The family covered it up for an entire year, but it's finally coming out that they died horrible deaths on the same day. They were poisoned!"
      Before her sister could respond, a maid came hurrying into the room. "Eldest Lady Li, Second Lady Li." She bowed to the sisters. "The rest of your luggage and personal maids have arrived in front of the palace."
      "Finally!" Li Qingmei rose from her seat. "I need to go check if all my jewelry got here safe and sound."
      "And my dresses!" Li Qinghua hurried after her sister as they followed the maid out of the room.
      Weiwei and I made to follow them, but Li Qinghua paused as she turned to face the two of us. "You maids, clear some room for our belongings before we get back!"
      "Yes, milady." Weiwei and I both curtsied.
      The two of us folded the clothes and picked up the accessories the sisters had flung over the tables and floors. Weiwei got to work hanging up the variously colored silk scarves while I made a pile of clothing that needed to be washed, fearing that the sisters would complain later. It was easy to distinguish Li Qingmei's clothing from Li Qinghua's; each sister used a different floral fragrance that clung to their clothing and everything they touched.
      After carefully balancing the two stacks in my arms, I pushed open the door with my foot and made my way out into the courtyard. The warmth of the sun beat down on me as I walked down the stone path. It was late morning now, and even though the palace was busy at this time, the guest courtyard was still and silent.
      Suddenly, the sound of hurried footsteps echoed down the path. I tried to look over the tower of laundry obscuring my vision, but before I could determine where the footsteps were coming from or who they belonged to, something crashed into me, and I toppled backward.
       

    Chapter Four

	I yelped as I hit the ground, instinctively curling up from the impact. My head spun, and I realized with a sinking feeling that my pile of laundry was no longer in my arms. Someone let out a soft groan next to me. I blinked as I quickly sat up. A young man around my age was lying on the grass, and an overturned basket of flowers lay next to him.
      I sneezed as flowers drifted down onto the grass around us. My concern for the laundry vanished immediately. "Are you alright?" I asked in a panic as I turned to look at the young man. "I'm so sorry! I couldn't see where I was going-"
	"No, this was my fault." The young man slowly sat up and winced as he clapped a hand to his head. When he saw me, he clapped his hands over his face in embarrassment. Suddenly, the wind picked up, and the flowers spilling out of his overturned basket took flight. "The flowers!" he cried as he frantically scrambled to scoop them back into the basket.
	I was there at his side in an instant. We hastily crawled around, collecting the rest of the scattered flowers before the wind could carry them away.
	"Are you alright?" I asked again once all the flowers were back in the basket.
	"I'm fine. W-what about you?" the young man stammered.
	"I'm fine," I reassured him as I climbed to my feet. I brushed grass from my skirts before offering him a hand. After hesitating for a moment, he let me help him to his feet. It was only now that we were both standing that I realized the young man was dressed in the outfit of a servant. He was thin, with dirt caked on the hems of his clothes and grass caught in his dark hair.
	"I'm a gardener here," he explained, then quickly dropped his gaze. "This is only my second day working in the guest courtyard. Normally I work on the other side of the palace."
	"I normally don't work here either." I got to work collecting my scattered laundry. The gardener set his basket down to help me, and before long, my pile of clothes towered just as tall as it had before.
	"Once I was alerted that the Li sisters left their room, I was told to go and change out their flower arrangements," the gardener said with a sigh as some of his initial timidness faded. "The two of us better hurry before they get back."
	I nodded in agreement and turned to continue on my way down the path. "Good luck, then." I had only traveled a few paces before I found myself turning back around. "Wait! My name's Xia Xiyan. What's your name?" The wind had picked up again, and I had to squint to see him through the fluttering of the gauzy fabric in my arms.
      The gardener turned to look at me over his shoulder, surprised. "My name's Shen Fanghuan."
	"Xiyan?" Weiwei emerged from the room behind the gardener. "I heard voices."
	"Gardener Shen and I accidentally bumped into each other," I explained with an embarrassed smile.
	"You need to be more careful, Xiyan," Weiwei scolded as she walked over to me. She took half the stack of laundry from me. "Let's go together."
	I nodded my head as the two of us started down the stone path. I glanced back over my shoulder to watch Shen Fanghuan step through the doors. But before he vanished, he, too, looked back at me. I flashed him a bright smile as his eyes met mine, and the gardener's face turned red before he quickly ducked inside.

~

	The next few days went by much more smoothly than the previous ones. Now that the Li sisters had their maids to follow them around, Weiwei and I were free of that task. We were now responsible for helping the other maids keep the guest wing tidy. Whenever the sisters walked through the courtyard, we would all do our best to avoid them. And when the sisters left to visit the princess, only then would we enter their room to clean.
	"Weiwei," I said absently as the two of us swept leaves off the stone path in the corner of the courtyard. "What do you think's beyond these walls?"
	"The world, of course," Weiwei said simply.
	I paused my sweeping to tip my head back and look up at the high stone walls surrounding the courtyard. I could see the blue sky, but it was always so far out of reach. "My sister's out there somewhere."
	Weiwei sighed. "I know. If we can ever figure out how to leave this place, I promise I'll help you find her."
	I broke into a smile, and Weiwei smiled back.

~

	"What are you waiting for?" Li Qinghua's distant voice demanded. "Kneel, all of you!"
	Weiwei and I were washing the wooden deck. We exchanged a worried glance, silently communicating that we should see what was happening, so we quietly made our way around the corner.
      "You two!" Li Qingmei's gaze snapped up to us from where she was standing next to her sister. "Get over here and kneel."
	Horrified, Weiwei and I scurried over to where a number of the sisters' maids were groveling on the ground in front of them. Weiwei and I dropped down beside them and bowed until our heads touched the stone.
	"Milady"-one of the maids lifted her head-"please calm down! The princes only didn't talk to the two of you today because they were in a rush-"
	"Silence!" Li Qinghua snapped as she slapped the maid across the face.
	"Hey!" Li Qingmei said suddenly. Weiwei and I glanced at each other from where we were bowing on the stones. Neither of us dared to look up. We heard Li Qingmei call to someone else, "You three! Get over here and bow!"
	There was the sound of hurried footsteps from behind us. I wouldn't put it past the sisters to want to punish everyone in their courtyard here and now. I felt my fingers clench as I sniffled softly. I could still feel the phantom sting of the sticks from when I had was beaten for being clumsy back when I first started at the palace.
	"You know what?" I could hear the amusement in Li Qinghua's voice. "I need a good distraction to take my mind off the princes. You, maid, I want you to dance for me."
	I could feel her eyes on the back of my head, and I slowly looked up, wide-eyed. "Me?"
	"Yes, you," Li Qingmei said impatiently.
	I didn't know how to dance.
	"Wait!" Weiwei lifted her head. "I'll dance in her place."
	"Silence, maid!" Li Qinghua hissed. "I want this one to dance."
	Weiwei's eyes met mine, and I offered her what I hoped was a reassuring smile as I shakily rose to my feet.
	"Quickly now," Li Qingmei snapped at me. "Come to the front."
	"Wait." Li Qinghua looked over the small huddle of servants on the ground. "How about we get a boy to dance with her? Wouldn't that be even more interesting?" She pointed a finger. "You, get over here."
	My eyes widened as I watched the gardener I had bumped into a few days ago rise to his feet. Shen Fanghuan? I mouthed.
	Li Qingmei's blue skirts fluttered as a breeze picked up. "If you entertain us, maybe we'll spare all of you."
	Shen Fanghuan shakily made his way to the front of the group as well. All the color had drained from his face.
	"Dance." Li Qinghua waved her purple fan in our direction. "Entertain us."
	I quickly raised my arms and wobbled around on my feet. I couldn't dance, but I needed to try for everyone still kneeling on the stones.
	I wasn't moving for very long before I had to dodge the fan Li Qinghua chucked at me. "What is that? Are you not afraid of being punished?"
	Just as I began to really panic, Shen Fanghuan stepped forward. Even though it was clear he was uncomfortable in the sisters' presence, he slowly began to dance. I blinked as I watched him. Unlike me, the young gardener knew the steps to what appeared to be an old folk dance.
	When he finally stopped, the Li sisters broke out into applause. "Wonderful!" Li Qingmei clapped, beaming.
	Li Qinghua waved a dismissive hand in our direction. "We won't punish you today. Everyone, get back to work." The maids climbed to their feet, and their expressions were relieved as they scurried off.
	Shen Fanghuan and I bowed to the sisters' retreating backs as they vanished into their room. Once the doors closed behind them, Shen Fanghuan began to walk away as well, but I called after him. "Wait!"
	The gardener turned to look at me with wide eyes.
	"Thank you for saving everyone back there," I said breathlessly.
	Shen Fanghuan nodded as a shy smile flickered across his face.
	"Where did you learn that dance?" I asked curiously as I followed him toward the flowers growing off to the side of the courtyard.
	"The people in my village used to dance like that during festivals and celebrations," Shen Fanghuan recalled. "Even though I was young at the time, it's something I don't want to ever forget."
	"You miss your village," I said softly. I could see it in his eyes.
	He let out a sigh. "I do. But like almost everyone working here at the palace, I came from a poor family, and there was only one path I could walk if I wanted to survive. I'm really sorry for running into you the other day. Everyone who knows me always scolds me for being clumsy. You said your name was Xia Xiyan? Which Xi? Which Yan?"
	"It's the Xi that means sunset, and the Yan that means smoke." When I first arrived at the palace all those years ago, the people at the palace didn't like the name Bunny, so I quickly made one up upon the threat of receiving a beating. "What about your name?"
	"Here-" Shen Fanghuan knelt down to draw with a finger in the dirt. "Fang means direction. Huan is a pillar that stands tall and strong-except I'm one of the clumsiest people you'll ever meet."
	I laughed as I knelt beside him. "Somehow I doubt you can be more clumsy than me."
	"Miss Xia," Shen Fanghuan started as he turned to face me.
	"You don't need to be so formal. Just call me Xiyan."
	"Xiyan . . ."
	I tilted my head to the side as I looked at the gardener expectantly.
	"Do you want to be friends?" Shen Fanghuan blurted out.
	I beamed. "Of course!"
	Footsteps sounded, and I looked up to find Weiwei hurrying over to the two of us. She clutched a stitch in her side. "So this is where you ran off to."
	"Weiwei!" I smiled as I rose to my feet. "We have Gardener Shen to thank! He saved us from being punished by the sisters."
	"Gardener Shen?" Weiwei blinked as her eyes fell on Shen Fanghuan, who was still kneeling on the ground.
	Shen Fanghuan hastily stood up and brushed his foot over the characters he had drawn in the dirt. "I'm Shen Fanghuan."
	Weiwei dipped her head in the gardener's direction. "I'm Hu Qiuwei."
	"This is perfect!" I giggled. "Now all of us are friends."
	Weiwei just sighed. "I'll let the two of you be, but try to stay away from the Li sisters for the rest of the day."
	I turned to Shen Fanghuan once Weiwei had left. "That's right-the Li sisters are still here in their courtyard. Let's talk again once they leave. I don't want to dance again."
	Shen Fanghuan gave me a small smile. "Alright."
	"I'll see you around, then." I smiled back before skipping off down the stone path.

~

	Back in my room, I sat on my designated space on the shared bed. The other maids shuffled around, changing into their nightgowns and undoing their hair. I rested my chin on my palms as I smiled to myself.
	"What are you smiling about?" Weiwei asked as she sat beside me on the long bed.
	"Weiwei, my good sister"-I swiveled around and took Weiwei's hands in my own-"for these long seven years, you've been my only true friend here. And now, I think I just gained another one!"
	"Gardener Shen?"
	"Exactly! We've always been following the same routine every day, and now because of the Li sisters' arrival, things have changed."
	Weiwei tilted her head to the side. "I thought you didn't like serving the Li sisters and wanted to return to our original routine. Besides, we've served for short periods in different guest courtyards of various nobles. What's so good about Gardener Shen that makes you want to be his friend all of a sudden?"
	"He's the one who asked me," I said through my smile.
	Weiwei shook her head in exasperation as she flopped onto her back. I let myself fall back onto the bed as well, and the two of us stared up at the ceiling for some time.
	"Just be careful, will you?" Weiwei finally said. "Today was a close enough call as it was."
	The next morning, all of us maids were back in the Li sisters' courtyard. Once the sisters left to take a walk around the palace with their personal maids, I quickly stood up from where I was cleaning the stone lanterns. I grabbed a broom and made my way over to the gardens.
	I found Shen Fanghuan almost instantly and hurried over to where he was busy pulling weeds from between the flowerbeds. "Fanghuan!" I skidded to a stop next to him.
	The gardener turned to look up at me. He looked surprised at first, but then his expression relaxed into a smile. "Xiyan."
	"Are you the only gardener working in this courtyard?" I asked as I used my broom to purposefully sweep fallen leaves off the stone path.
	Shen Fanghuan reached up a dirt-caked hand to brush loose strands of hair out of his face. "That's correct. The courtyard might be large, but I can maintain the plants by myself."
	"Do you have many other friends?" I decided to ask as I continued to sweep away the leaves.
	"I don't," Shen Fanghuan admitted, and his face turned red again as he ducked his head. The loose strands of his hair fell right back into his face. "Was it that obvious?"
	I blinked at that. "It wasn't obvious! I just thought that since you're such a nice person, you must have a lot of friends."
	"A nice person?" Shen Fanghuan echoed as he looked up in surprise.
	"Am I wrong?"
	Shen Fanghuan let out a weak laugh. "Me? I'm timid and clumsy. You could even call me shy if you wanted. You were the first one to really talk to me as another person and not just a clumsy servant in need of scolding."
	I knelt down so I was at eye level with the gardener. "I think you're kind. You don't have to feel alone anymore. I'm your friend now, remember?"
	"What about you?" Shen Fanghuan asked quietly as he continued to pull weeds out of the soil. "Someone as lively as you must have lots of friends."
	"Before I met you," I answered honestly, "Weiwei was my only friend here at the palace."
	Shen Fanghuan blinked. "Really?"
	"All my personality is good for is getting people into trouble. And you know as much as I do that getting in trouble is the last thing any of us want."
	Shen Fanghuan just smiled sadly and reached to brush the flyaway strands of his hair out of his face.
	"Here"-I hopped closer to the gardener-"I can help."
	Shen Fanghuan looked surprised, but he lowered his dirt-covered hands and silently let me try to tuck the loose strands back into his top knot.
	I frowned as I picked at the dirt stuck in his dark hair. "You're getting dirt everywhere."
	"It's fine, really," the gardener said quietly as he dropped his gaze. His face was red again.
	I just smiled.
	
~

	"I came here to see my friends!" the princess raged. "Brother, why did you have to come here right after I arrived?"
	It was a hot day. I had been going about my duties and had just met up with Shen Fanghuan when the princess arrived at the guest courtyard. Things were going fine until the third prince showed up. All the servants in the courtyard were now groveling on the stones as the princess threw a seething tantrum. Shen Fanghuan was at my side as we pressed our foreheads to the floor.
	"My dear sister," the third prince tried, "I did not know you planned to visit the Li sisters today."
	The princess just let out a sob. "First you took away my favorite maid, and then two months later, she vanished from the palace! No one knows about this matter except for me. I complained to our imperial father, but he just said he'd find me another nice maid to take her place!"
	I could feel eyes on the back of my neck as the third prince glanced over at the servants. "All of you can rise. Get back to work."
	"No!" the princess said shrilly as we started to climb to our feet. "Did I say any of you could stop kneeling? None of you can look at my face. If any of you rise, I'll have you beheaded!"
	We instantly dropped to the ground again, shaken.
	"Dear sister," the third prince said in exasperation, "it's your own crying that ruined your makeup."
	As the two of them continued to argue, I turned my head slightly to notice that Shen Fanghuan was shaking. His expression was terrified as he pressed his forehead to the ground.
	Since the two of us were toward the back of the group, I reached out to tap his arm. Shen Fanghuan turned his head to look over at me in surprise.
	Are you alright? I mouthed.
	Shen Fanghuan shook his head ever so slightly. I'm scared.
	I offered him a smile. Don't be afraid. I'm here with you.
	Ever so slowly, Shen Fanghuan seemed to stop shaking as he smiled back.
	Before long, the princess stormed out of the courtyard, and the third prince motioned for us to rise before leaving with the Li sisters.
	I sat with Shen Fanghuan near the gardens. "This must have been your first time in the direct presence of the imperial family. Weiwei and I had crossed paths with the princess a few times before. It was when that common cold was circulating through the palace, and a number of her own maids contracted it. We had to temporarily take their places. One time, she was throwing a fit and made all the maids kneel. She left the courtyard and must have forgotten we were still there because we had to bow for hours. It was only when she came back after dark that she was surprised we were still there and dismissed us."
	Shen Fanghuan looked horrified. "That sounds awful!"
	"It wasn't that bad," I said as I ran a hand over the grass. "Weiwei was there next to me, and we chatted quietly."
	"Xiyan," Shen Fanghuan started.
	I turned to look up at him expectantly.
	He held my gaze. "Thank you for being there next to me."

~

	Over the next few weeks, I would spend my days at Gardener Shen's side. As he made his rounds around the courtyard, pruning the plants and pulling weeds, I would follow him around with my bucket and mop, cleaning the path next to him.
	"Look." Shen Fanghuan pointed up at the leaves of the tree we were standing under. "Autumn is coming. See? Some of the leaves have already changed colors."
	"It's so pretty!" I clasped my hands behind my back, beaming as I admired the colors of the orange leaves high above us. But when I turned back to look at Shen Fanghuan, the gardener had vanished. "Fanghuan?" I looked around the empty courtyard.
	After a moment, I spotted the gardener jogging back over to me with a flower in his hands. Shen Fanghuan stopped in front of me and gently tucked the flower behind my ear. "For you."
	"For me?"
	"I think it suits you," Shen Fanghuan said as he averted his gaze.
	I twinkled. "Thank you!" I crouched down and picked up a windswept flower from the path. This I placed in Shen Fanghuan's hair. "Here's one for you."
	The gardener gave me a shy smile as he touched the flower. I smiled as I picked up my broom, and my smile remained as I swept the rest of the leaves off the path.
	During the walk back to the maids' quarters, I pulled out the flower Shen Fanghuan had gifted me from where I had carefully tucked it into my waistband. I smiled happily down at the flower as I twirled its stem between my fingers.
	By the time I reached the room I shared with the other maids, the sun had long set, and the moon gleamed as it painted the palace walls in its silvery light. I skipped inside and took a seat on the bed, setting the flower down beside me.
	Weiwei took a seat next to me. "Let me guess. Gardener Shen gave you that flower."
	"Is it that obvious?"
	"Why else would you be smiling so widely?"
	I giggled.
	"Honestly now, what do you see in Gardener Shen?"
	I tilted my head to the side as I began to undo my braids. "What do you mean?"
	"You like him, don't you?"
	"I think he's a kind person," I said confidently as I fumbled with the knots in my hair.
	"So then . . ."
	I paused for a moment with my fingers caught in my hair. "How do I know if I'm falling in love with him? Is this what it's like to fall in love with someone?"
	Weiwei just gave me a look. "I think that's something you'll have to figure out for yourself."
	I flopped down onto the bed and rolled onto my stomach. I stared determinedly at the wall in front of me. How difficult can it be?
	In the morning, I was up early. After getting dressed and doing my hair, I sat on the bed for a while before the other maids began to wake. Weiwei sat up, tiredly rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
	"Weiwei!" I said quickly as she turned to look at me. I scooted closer to her and made my hands into fists as I massaged her shoulders.
	Weiwei raised her brows in a half-suspicious, half-exasperated look. "What's going on, Xiyan?"
	"Weiwei, my good sister. Could you do me a favor? Please?"
	Weiwei caught my hands and placed them back in my lap. She sighed. "What kind of favor?"
	"How do I know if I'm in love with Gardener Shen?"
	"What-? This again?"
	"Please, Weiwei." I looked up at Weiwei with large eyes. "I've never been in love before. I want to know what love is like. In all the stories I've read-"
	"You're always talking about these stories you've read in the past," Weiwei said softly as I placed my hands on her shoulders and turned her around so I could braid her hair. "Do you think Gardener Shen is the courageous hero in your story?"
	"Well, I'm the beautiful heroine, aren't I?" I joked.
	"Yes, yes, yes." Weiwei sighed as I finished tying up her hair. "All someone needs to do is take one look at your face to know you're the beautiful heroine. Come on, let's go get breakfast."
	After breakfast, the other maids and I made our way to the Li sisters' courtyard. I heard the sounds of hurried footsteps behind me and turned to find Sun Xiaoting walking toward me.
	"Sister Sun?" I blinked at her as she fell into pace beside me.
	"Qiuwei said you wanted to know what it's like to be in love," Sun Xiaoting said. "So she asked me to come to talk to you."
	"So then you know what it's like to be in love?" I asked eagerly.
	Sun Xiaoting waited for the other maids to pass us up before lowering her voice. "Not many people know this, but I have a lover in the palace."
	"You do?" I whispered. "But you were always the most responsible of us maids!"
	Sun Xiaoting gave me a look. "He's also a servant, but that doesn't matter. I came to the palace in the hopes that maybe I could become a maid favored by one of the princes, but after I met my lover, I don't want a prince. I only want to be with him."
	"Do the two of you meet often?"
	Sun Xiaoting smiled faintly. "We do. We meet in secret."
	"How do you know when you're in love?"
	"Love is like a strong bond," Sun Xiaoting explained. "Love is when you're willing to give your entire heart and soul to another person."
	When we arrived at the Li sisters' courtyard, I picked up my broom before hurrying over to the gardens.
	"Halt!" A voice called, and I froze midstep.
	I turned to find Li Qinghua standing on the wooden porch of the sisters' shared room. She was dressed in her usual flowing purple, and her arms were folded across her chest.
      "You!" Li Qinghua recognized me. "You're that maid who didn't know how to dance! Where are you off to in such a hurry? Come help me."
	"Yes, milady." I reluctantly followed Li Qinghua into her room to find the sisters' two personal maids helping Li Qingmei into her blue dress.
	"Help me change," Li Qinghua ordered as she held out her arms. "My older sister and I are going to see the princes today. We need to look even more beautiful to get their attention."
	"Yes, milady." I swiftly pulled off her flowy scarves. After setting them aside, I helped her out of the rest of her outfit until she was standing in her undergarments.
	"Sister," Li Qinghua called as she looked over at where Li Qingmei was now getting her hair and makeup done. "Which dress should I wear today? I had all twenty of the best ones brought here to the palace."
	"How about the purple one?" Li Qingmei called back.
	Li Qinghua frowned. "All the princes know that I like to wear purple. Wouldn't I be more eye-catching if I wore a different color? What about red?"
	"Red's too bold for going to see the princes, no?" Li Qingmei rose from her seat. Her maids followed her, trying to finish pinning up her half-done hair.
	"Pink, then," Li Qinghua decided. "You, maid, go fetch me my pink dress!"
	I nodded and curtsied before hurrying off. By the time I returned with the dress, two other maids had appeared in the room and were helping Li Qinghua with her hair and makeup.
      "Quickly now!" Li Qinghua snapped as she noticed me reemerge with the dress. "Just leave it over there. You can go. I don't need you anymore."
	"Yes, milady." After leaving the room, I quickly snatched up my broom from where I had left it outside. I made my way back down the stone path toward the garden, but in my haste, my foot caught on the hem of my skirts, and the entire world tilted around me.
    


    Chapter Five

	I hit the ground with a thud. My hands skidded over the stone path as I tried to prevent myself from rolling into the dirt. I lay there for a long moment, dazed. My head spun. Why can't I just pay attention to where I am going?
	"Xiyan?" A worried voice sounded, and I groggily sat up to see Shen Fanghuan hurrying toward me.
	"Fanghuan . . ." I started, then trailed off when I realized I was covered in dirt.
	Shen Fanghuan dropped to his knees beside me. "Xiyan, what happened?"
	"I fell." I sniffed as I started to brush the dirt from my face, but then hissed from the stinging in my hands. I held them in front of me to find them scratched and bleeding.
	Shen Fanghuan quickly helped me to my feet. "Let's go clean that before it can get infected."
	I nodded, allowing the gardener to lead me toward the small storage room on the far side of the courtyard. When we arrived, I took a seat on the porch outside as Shen Fanghuan went inside to fetch a bowl of clean water. The gardener took a seat next to me when he returned, then gently took my hands and lowered them into the bowl.
	My raw hands stung from the water, but I bit my lip and endured the discomfort as Shen Fanghuan brushed off the dirt. Even though his own hands were covered in rough calluses, his touch was gentle.
	"I don't think we have any bandages," Shen Fanghuan said regretfully as he finally lifted my hands from the bowl.
	"It's fine." I offered him a smile. Then I remembered that my face was still covered in dirt, and I quickly dropped my head.
	"What's wrong?" He asked in concern.
	"My face is a mess-I'm not pretty anymore."
	Shen Fanghuan shook his head, and I blinked as I timidly looked back up at him. "Have you ever heard the phrase that the most important things lie within? Being pretty is only a person's outer appearance. True beauty comes from within."
	I curiously tilted my head to the side. "What do you mean?"
	"Take the Li sisters for example," he explained. "They may look beautiful, but their personalities practically repel people from them."
	"If I looked like this when we first met"-I gestured to my dirt-covered face-"would you still have wanted to be my friend?"
	"Of course," he replied. I looked on in surprise as Shen Fanghuan dipped his sleeve into the bowl of water before turning back to me. I sat still as he skillfully wiped the dirt from my face. "Sometimes, what matters the most isn't visible on the outside. But when you look closer . . ." Shen Fanghuan finished wiping the dirt from my face and sat back with a genuine smile on his face. "You'll find that's where true beauty lies."
	I found a smile tugging on my lips. I scooted closer to the gardener, looking up at his face. "I like you."
	He blinked. "What?"
	"I like you," I repeated determinedly. "I just wanted to say it. I've never experienced love before-I've never fallen in love before. Maybe you just want to stay friends, and that's fine. I just wanted to let you know."
	Shen Fanghuan's face turned red, and he dropped his gaze. "I like you, too. I've never fallen in love before either. Maybe it was fate that we ran into each other."
	Around noon, the Li sisters and their maids finally left their courtyard. Once they were gone, Shen Fanghuan and I walked over to the small pound that glittered off to the side of the courtyard. The two of us stood on the wooden bridge that arched over it, looking down at the clear water. I leaned forward to look down at our reflections. I caught Shen Fanghuan's gaze in the water, and the gardener gave me a shy smile. I twinkled back.
	That night, I sat on my bed, rocking back and forth as I hummed to myself.
	"Xiyan, what happened this time?" Weiwei asked as she sat down next to me.
	"I told Fanghuan that I liked him!" I answered between smiles.
	"And then what happened?"
	"The two of us are going to give it a try."
	"Are you sure about that?"
	I turned to face Weiwei. "Weiwei, for the past seven years here at the palace, every day has felt like a blur. But now that I've I met Fanghuan, it's almost as if I can see the world in a new light."
	"Does he make you happy?"
	"He does."
	"In that case," Weiwei said seriously, "the two of you have to be careful. Servants aren't allowed to be in relationships. If you get caught . . . Xiyan, is it worth it?"
	I didn't have to think about my answer. "It's worth it."
      Since arriving in the human realm, I found it was almost nothing like the stories I had read. This world was a dark place, and I experienced it firsthand when I was kidnapped all those years ago. Since being separated from Yuxin, there had been an empty space in my chest-a painful hole that wouldn't go away. Although life in the demon realm had been dreary, it hadn't hurt in the same way. Despite everything that happened, I still wanted to believe it could be beautiful-that the people living in it could be kind.
	"Did Sister Sun give you any useful advice?" Weiwei asked, drawing me back from my thoughts.
	"She did," I said confidently as I got to work undoing my hair. Then I paused. "Speaking of Sister Sun, where is she?"
	Weiwei looked perplexed as she glanced around the room. "You're right-she's really not here."
	I broke into a smile as I motioned for Weiwei to lean close. I lowered my voice. "She told me that she has a lover in the palace! She must be meeting up with him!"
	Weiwei frowned slightly. "I knew she had a lover, but Sister Sun is the most responsible out of all of us. She's never come back late before."
	I brushed off Weiwei's concerns. "It's fine. If she isn't back in the morning, that's when we can start worrying."
	Weiwei wrung her hands together as the other maids began to get ready for bed. "Alright."
	When I woke in the morning, I quickly did my hair and changed into my maid uniform. This time when I looked around, I quickly spotted Sun Xiaoting instructing everyone to hurry if we didn't want to be late for breakfast.
	I spent the day following Shen Fanghuan around, listening attentively to the stories he told about his old village and the traditions they would follow there.
	I crouched down to help the gardener pull the weeds that had begun to sneak up between the flowers. "The way you talk about your mother . . . I can tell you were everything to her. I find it hard to believe that she sent you into the palace."
	Shen Fanghuan offered me a sad smile. "It's because she loved me that she decided to let me go. I was my mother's only child. She didn't want to part with me, but she and my father also knew my body was too weak to survive the harsh northern winters. Every winter I would be on death's doorstep, so she finally had an old friend of hers bring me to the palace. He was a martial artist. When I was little, he would always bring me trinkets from his travels and even promised that he would take me to see the tallest mountains, but that never happened. At first, I resented my parents for abandoning me. It was only when I got older that I understood. They sent me here because they wanted me to survive. I've been here for over ten years now."
	I sighed. "I didn't have a choice in coming here either. I was kidnapped and sold. My sister and I were captured together, but we were separated. I don't know what happened to her."
      "I'm sorry," Shen Fanghuan said quietly.
	I smiled brightly as I shook my head. "I think I'm slowly coming to accept that this is my life now." Then my smile faltered. "I just . . . I hope my sister is doing okay."
	After a long pause, Shen Fanghuan changed the topic. "How are your hands healing? You don't have to pull weeds with me, you know."
	"Don't worry, my hands are fine. And I know, but if we can finish in the gardens early, we'll have more time to relax later. Well, unless the Li sisters decide to call on us."
      Shen Fanghuan nodded, then said suddenly, "I just had a thought."
      I tilted my head. "What's the thought?"
      "Since we were just talking about my hometown-when the Li sisters are away from their courtyard during dinner, what if I teach you that one folk dance?" 
      I beamed. "I'd love that!"
      Night had fallen by the time both Li sisters left with their personal maids. While they were at dinner, Shen Fanghuan and I met up at the back of the courtyard.
      "It's dark," I remarked as I squinted through the dim light. The moon glowed in the inky sky above, and the world below was illuminated in the orange light of the lanterns around the stone path.
      "It is dark," Shen Fanghuan agreed, glancing around almost worriedly.
      "It's fine." I offered him a smile. "I can still see you well enough."
      Shen Fanghuan smiled back. "Okay. The dance itself isn't very long, and it only consists of three main parts. First, you step forward with your right foot-just like this."
      I copied Shen Fanghuan's movements, and slowly but surely, I began to get the moves of the dance. The autumn leaves that covered the ground swirled in my wake, and my skirts fluttered around my feet. "What do you think?" I asked as I twirled.
      Shen Fanghuan grinned at me. "You're a natural!" Then his tone suddenly changed. "Watch out!" I blinked as he hurried forward, catching my hand and pulling me back just before I could collide with one of the stone lanterns.
      Suddenly, Shen Fanghuan's hand fell from mine as he slipped on the leaves scattered over the path. I quickly grabbed his hand in an attempt to prevent him from falling backward. But I didn't have nearly enough strength, and the two of us both toppled over.
      Shen Fanghuan let out a quiet hiss as he hit the ground. I lay there on his chest in a daze.
      "Are you alright? I'm so sorry!" Snapping out of my daze, I quickly tried to sit up. But Shen Fanghuan had wrapped his arms around me during our fall to protect me from the impact, and I found myself unable to move. "Are you alright?" I asked again.
      Shen Fanghuan gave me a pained smile. "I'm fine."
      "I'm sorry-I got too carried away."
      "This is my fault. I'm the one who slipped."
      The cool night air was crisp against my face as I lay there on his chest. The fallen leaves whispered across the stones around us. "I can hear your heartbeat. Your heart is beating quickly."
      "So is yours," he breathed.
      I blinked. I hadn't realized it until he pointed it out. "What happens now?" I asked softly, suddenly all too aware that my lips were mere inches from his as the two of us looked at each other.
      "What do you want to do?"
      "I-" I started. I didn't know how to put all the thoughts and emotions racing through my mind into words.
      Shen Fanghuan's face was red as he turned his head away. "Xiyan, I think I want to kiss you."
      "I think I do too," I whispered. "May I?"
      Shen Fanghuan turned back to me, eyes wide. He dipped his head in a nod.
      I leaned forward and our lips met.
      I felt Shen Fanghuan's arms leave my back as he reached up to tuck the loose strands of hair behind my ear. When we finally drew away, I could hear his heart beating even quicker than it had been before, and for a long moment, the two of us just stared at each other. He was smiling, and I was smiling too. I rolled off of his chest, brushing the leaves from his dark hair as we sat up.
      Shen Fanghuan gently pressed his lips to my forehead. I giggled.
      "Xia Xiyan?" A voice in the distance called out. "Where are you?"
      "It's Sun Xiaoting-Sister Sun," I whispered, realizing with a jolt that I was supposed to be back in the room with the rest of the maids. I had completely lost track of time.
      Shen Fanghuan helped me to my feet. "You should go."
      I reluctantly nodded. "I'll see you tomorrow."
      "See you tomorrow."
      I offered Shen Fanghuan a smile as I waved. He waved back, and then I hurried in the direction of Sun Xiaoting's voice. "I'm here!"
      "Next time try to be on time, will you?" Sun Xiaoting let out a sigh as she motioned for me to follow her out of the courtyard.
      I nodded, but I found a smile playing on my lips all the same.
      Once Sun Xiaoting made sure I changed out of my uniform and into my nightgown, I jumped onto the bed. "Weiwei! I'm so happy!"
      Weiwei rolled over to look at me. "What happened?"
      I leaned in close and whispered in her ear, "I kissed him! And then he kissed me!"
      I looked up to see Sun Xiaoting walking over to us, exasperated. "The two of you need to go to sleep." 
      "Yes ma'am," I said quickly, pulling the blankets over Weiwei and me.
      But even long after all the other maids had fallen asleep, I couldn't help but smile throughout the night.
      
~

	"I can't believe it's almost time for the Li sisters to go back to their manor," I remarked as Shen Fanghuan and I sat in front of the gardening shed. It was noon, and the sun was high in the clear sky. The Li sisters had left for lunch, and the courtyard was silent. "Even though I can't say that I care much for either of the sisters, it was their presence that brought the two of us together."
	Shen Fanghuan nodded in agreement. "As much as I don't want to admit it, it seems like we have them to thank."
	I rested my head on his shoulder. "What do we do once we're sent back? Will we really not be able to see each other anymore?"
	Shen Fanghuan wrapped his arms around me. "We'll figure out something. I promise."
	"I could try and find you," I whispered. "Where do the gardeners live?"
	"It's very far from here," he said sadly. "Even with a map, the palace is such a maze that getting lost is nearly inevitable. Where do the maids live? What if I were to come to you?"
	"It isn't far from here. Here-" I leaned forward and drew with a finger in the dirt. "It's this one path, and then two right turns. But could you really sneak in? Men aren't even allowed near that block."
	"It's worth a try," Shen Fanghuan said determinedly. "Even if we can only see each other from a distance, it's worth it."
	That night, when I returned to my lodging, all the maids in the room were murmuring among themselves. I looked to Weiwei as I took my seat next to her. "What happened?"
	"The second prince just got His Majesty to grant him a marriage with the eldest Li sister," Weiwei explained. "And then the third prince went ahead and requested a marriage with Second Lady Li. The emperor granted it too."
	"It seems like Eldest Lady Li got her wish of marrying a prince fulfilled, then," I said absently.
	"With it being the emperor's wish, both Li sisters couldn't refuse the marriage," Weiwei continued quietly. "One accepted with tears of joy, and one accepted in tears of sorrow. They're heading back to their manor tomorrow morning to prepare for the wedding. If I remember correctly, their father should be back later this week to take them back."
	"I'm glad the Li sisters are finally leaving . . ."
	"But you're also sad that you won't be able to see Gardener Shen anymore."
	I shook my head as I smiled. "Fanghuan and I are going to try and meet up."
	"Meet up?" Weiwei echoed. "You mean in secret? But that's dangerous! If the two of you get caught sneaking around-"
	I held Weiwei's gaze. "I'm willing to take the risk. I want to see him again."
	Weiwei looked conflicted before she finally let out a sigh. "Just tell me what you need, and I'll try my best to cover for you."
	"Really?" My eyes lit up. "Weiwei, my good sister, I knew I could count on you!"
	"Where's Sister Sun?" Weiwei asked as she glanced around the room. "Normally she'd be telling us to go to bed by now."
	"She'll be back soon," I reassured her. "Let's get ready for bed so she doesn't scold us when she returns."
	In the morning, Weiwei, me, and the other maids helped pack up the Li sisters' extensive wardrobe of clothing and jewelry. We spent the majority of the day transporting the boxes to the palace gates, where carriages were already waiting.
	When the last box was finally moved, I stood in a line with the other maids, waiting to see the sisters off. It didn't take long before footsteps sounded, but the two figures that appeared were not the Li sisters.
	Even with my head bowed, I watched out of the corner of my eye as the second and third princes walked over to the middle-aged man waiting in front of the carriages. I was too far away to hear their conversation, but I could see them greet each other respectfully.
	"Father!" a voice called, and I watched Li Qinghua appear, followed closely by Li Qingmei.
	The middle-aged man bowed respectfully to the princes before climbing into one of the carriages. The Li sisters curtsied politely as well, then climbed into the carriage after their father.
	Once the entourage of carriages vanished from sight, the princes turned and walked in opposite directions. Even though their paces seemed normal enough, their postures were stiff, as if they were trying to get as far away from each other as possible.
	I spent the rest of the morning cleaning up the guest courtyard with the other maids. After that, Shen Fanghuan and I spent our last day together pruning the flowering bushes. When night fell, the gardener gently pulled me into a warm hug.
      "You're getting bolder," I whispered as I wrapped my arms around his back.
      "I've come to realize that the time we'll be able to spend together is short," Shen Fanghuan said softly. "But I want to spend more time with you. I'll come see you tonight."
	"Please be careful." I stood on my tip-toes to press a light kiss against his cheek.

~

	Back in our room, even after the other maids had fallen asleep, I was still wide awake. My ears perked up at every small noise, and I had to remind myself that it would take Shen Fanghuan some time to arrive. Just then, there was the sound of a twig snapping outside the window. I slowly sat up, careful not to wake Weiwei and the maid sleeping on the other side of me.
	I tiptoed over to the window and pushed it open to look over the ledge. Shen Fanghuan smiled at me, and I reached out to lace my fingers through his.
	"You made it," I whispered breathlessly.
	"You don't know how scared I was the entire time," Shen Fanghuan whispered back as he helped me climb over the ledge. His skin seemed to take on a silvery sheen in the moonlight. "My heart was beating so quickly the entire way that I thought I'd pass out from fright before I even got here."
	We chatted quietly until I finally urged him to head back before he could get caught.
	After that, Shen Fanghuan would show up in the middle of the night once a week. Even though the time we had together was brief, I treasured every minute of it.
	A few weeks later, we were sitting next to each other under the window of the maids' room. Hand in hand, the two of us looked up at the vast sky. The full moon glowed in the center of the sky, and the world was bathed in silver.
	"Today's the Mid-Autumn Festival," Shen Fanghuan said softly. "I'm really glad that I'm able to spend it with you."
      The night air was cool and crisp as I rested my head on his shoulder. "I'm just happy that we can spend time together. I'm happy whenever I get to hear your voice. I like hearing you talk, you know that? Your accent is different from any other I've heard in the palace."
      Shen Fanghuan let out a soft laugh. "It must be from my village in the north. The people from my village also have a special Mid-Autumn custom."
      "What is it?"
      Shen Fanghuan took one of my hands and gently pressed a red leaf into it. "We write wishes to the loved ones who are not with us on dry autumn leaves. Every year, I write one for my parents. This Mid-Autumn Festival, you can write one to your sister."
      I glowed as Shen Fanghuan handed me a thin stick of charcoal. Yuxin, I wrote, careful not to break the delicate leaf, I hope you get everything you wish for.
      When the two of us had finished writing our wishes, I turned back to Shen Fanghuan. "Now what do we do?"
      "We crumple the leaves," he explained, "and then we let the wind scatter the pieces to the four corners of the world, hoping that at least one will reach the ones we think of."
      Together, we crumpled the leaves under our hands, tossed the pieces into the air, and watched the wind sweep them away. Once they vanished into the night, I rested my head on Shen Fanghuan's shoulder again. "Happy Mid-Autumn Festival, Fanghuan."
	"Happy Mid-Autumn Festival, Xiyan."
    Chapter Six

	The palace was bustling with preparations for the double wedding between the princes and the Li sisters. Even though months had gone by, it seemed as if no time had passed since the sisters left. Now, I was working with the other maids to prepare the courtyard that the second prince would be sharing with Eldest Lady Li.
	I worked absently, scrubbing the paths and railings. Even though I was physically present, my mind was elsewhere. I had met with Shen Fanghuan the previous night, and now I had to wait an entire week to see him again.
	When night fell, Weiwei helped me unbraid my hair. As I sat there in our room, I snuck a glance over at Sun Xiaoting. She was sitting in the corner, staring unseeingly at the wooden floor. As of recently, her entire demeanor had changed.
	"Sister Sun . . .?" I whispered to Weiwei.
	"I tried to ask her if she was alright a few days ago," Weiwei said quietly. "But she just told me that everything was fine and quickly changed the topic."
	"Do you think she fell out with her lover?"
	"I really don't know."
	Even after the other maids had gone to sleep, Sun Xiaoting still sat there in the corner of the room. I was debating whether to try to comfort her when I heard a quiet tapping on the window.
	I slowly sat up and gently prodded Weiwei with a finger. I motioned with my head toward the window, and Weiwei nodded. Weiwei rose from the bed first and silently walked over to Sun Xiaoting. Once the two of them began to whisper in lowered voices, I slid out of bed and tiptoed through the dark.
	When I arrived at the window, I carefully pushed it open to find Shen Fanghuan standing there. I quickly climbed outside and closed the window behind me.
	I turned to Shen Fanghuan with wide eyes. What are you doing here? I mouthed as I let myself fall into his awaiting arms.
	"I wanted to see you," he whispered, the wind picking up to send loose stands of his hair fluttering.
	I drew back to place my hands on the sides of his face. "Fanghuan, you shouldn't be here. Making the trip here once a week is already dangerous enough as it is."
	"I know," Shen Fanghuan breathed. "Here-" I blinked as he took one of my hands and gently pressed a flower into it. "This is for you."
	I smiled as my fingers closed around the flower. "And this is for you." I stood on my tip-toes and brushed my lips against his.
	The two of us spent the next hour sitting together under the window. Shen Fanghuan's head rested on my shoulder as we looked up at the cloudy night sky. "Do you think I'll see you at the Li sisters' wedding tomorrow?"
	Shen Fanghuan's voice was tired. "There's a chance."
	"Are you still awake?" I asked after a long pause.
	"I'm so tired, Xiyan. Would it be bad if I fell asleep right here?"
	"You'll be punished if they find you here in the morning," I whispered.
	"Xiyan," he said softly, "am I crazy? Just a few months ago, if someone told me I'd be sneaking around the palace at night, I'd never believe them. But here I am now."
	I sighed as I wrapped my arms around him. "I never thought I'd be sneaking out of my room either. Have your roommates noticed anything?"
	"You don't have to worry-all of them are heavy sleepers. What about on your end?"
	"Normally, all the maids are asleep, and if someone does wake up, I can say that I'm heading to the toilet. Tonight, though, one of the maids was awake. I think Weiwei should have gotten her to go to bed by now."
      There was a pause before Shen Fanghuan spoke again. "If we weren't servants here at the palace, what kind of life do you think the two of us would live?"
      "That's an easy question. We'd be able to live for ourselves."
      "And what kind of life would that be?"
      I smiled as I watched the stars flicker in the night sky. "In that life, you'd still be able to live with your mother. And maybe then I'd get to meet her and become a daughter-in-law that she could be proud of. In that life, I'd still have my sister, and she'd be happy for the two of us. Weiwei would be there too, of course."
      Shen Fanghuan frowned faintly. "Speaking of Hu Qiuwei, I get the feeling that she doesn't like me very much."
      "Don't take it personally," I reassured him. "Weiwei just wants to keep me out of trouble-and she thinks that you're trouble. But that was at the beginning. She's willing to help us now."
      "Xiyan," Shen Fanghuan started, "do you think we'll be stuck here in the palace as servants forever?"
      I fell silent at that. After a while I said, "In the past, I used to think that this world was a wondrous place. It didn't take me long to realize just how wrong I was about it. But then I met you, and I'm starting to believe that maybe there are wonderful things after all." I slowly rose to my feet and helped Shen Fanghuan to his. "You should go," I whispered. "You're tired. If you stay here any longer, I'm afraid you won't be able to keep your eyes open."
      Shen Fanghuan gave me a faint smile. "I'll go."
      "Please be careful." I reluctantly let my hand slip from his grasp. I stood there, watching until Shen Fanghuan vanish into the dark. My heart was already longing to see him again.

~

	Red silk and ribbons stretched as far as the eye could see. Today was the day of the wedding, and the maids were chattering excitedly among themselves. Apparently, one of them had been sent to help sew a bead that had come loose from Eldest Lady Li's wedding dress back on and now was telling everyone how exquisite the bride-to-be looked.
	"There was real gold embroidered in her dress," the maid said dreamily. "And the red and green silk-it shimmers in the light!"
	"I wish I could see such a dress," one of the other maids piped up. "Maybe once I see it, I'll be able to picture myself wearing it in my dreams."
	"Eldest Lady Li is overjoyed," the first maid informed the small crowd of maids gathering around her. "But I've heard that her youngest sister is not happy."
	"Why wouldn't she be happy? She's marrying a prince."
	"Word is that it isn't the third prince she wanted to marry."
	"That's right," yet another maid added. "The third prince doesn't even like Second Lady Li. He only proposed to her because the second prince proposed to Eldest Lady Li. The second prince is furious now. He wanted General Li's military power and influence for himself, but now he has to share with his brother."
	I turned to Weiwei and lowered my voice. "So that's why the second prince proposed to Eldest Lady Li!"
	"Did you really think there was any love between them?" Weiwei asked tiredly.
	I frowned faintly. "I suppose not."
      Suddenly, Weiwei nudged me with her elbow, and I turned in the direction she was looking. I followed her gaze to the line of servants carrying colorful assortments of flowers. I immediately spotted Shen Fanghuan among them, and a smile cut across my face.
      Shen Fanghuan caught my eye and smiled back.
      Weiwei let out a sigh. "Everything you're thinking is written on your face. If you don't want to be reported-"
      "I know, I know. Let's get back to work."
      That night during the wedding banquet, I stood outside the banquet hall with the other maids. Sun Xiaoting stood next to the doors, helping direct the guests to their seats. Sun Xiaoting's expression was polite as she curtsied to each guest. Out of the corner of my eye, I scanned the guests making their way toward the hall. I spotted the Crown Prince almost immediately, and my gaze lingered on him as he made his way up the steps. His wife, the princess consort, followed a few paces behind. I was admiring the intricate embroidery of her outer garment and long skirts when something strange caught my attention.
      When the Crown Prince and his wife passed Sun Xiaoting, the maid seemed to freeze up. Even after the Crown Prince swept past her, Sun Xiaoting continued to stand there, petrified.
      After what felt like an eternity, all the guests finally entered the banquet hall. "Weiwei," I whispered. I turned my head ever so slightly so I could see her face. "Did you see the way Sister Sun's expression changed when the Crown Prince walked by?"
      "I did," Weiwei whispered back. "But I don't get it. Sister Sun has worked in the Crown Prince's courtyard for years now. She's always seemed to like it there too. She was only away for a couple of months when we were all sent to help out with the Li sisters."
      "Wait . . ." I said slowly. "Now that I'm thinking about it, I rarely saw Sister Sun in the Li sisters' courtyard. She must have constantly been moving between the Crown Prince's eastern wing and the Li sisters' courtyard."
      "Do you think she got punished for not being able to complete her normal workload there?" Weiwei asked quietly.
      I just shook my head in bewilderment. The banquet continued for hours, and I felt the tiredness begin to creep up on me the longer I stood there under the stars. The night air was cold, and I shivered. It seemed like tonight we wouldn't be getting any dinner ourselves.
      It was only when the sky began to lighten that we were sent back to our rooms. Sun Xiaoting led the way, and I quickened my pace to catch up with her.
      "Sister Sun," I called. My breath puffed out in front of me. "Are you alright?"
      "Why do you ask?" Sun Xiaoting said stiffly.
      "Are the maids in the eastern wing giving you a difficult time? Did the Crown Prince give you a difficult time?"
      "The Crown Prince?" Sun Xiaoting looked at me as if she couldn't quite register the words coming out of my mouth. "The Crown Prince, he . . ." Sun Xiaoting's face paled as she rapidly shook her head. "Come on, if you want to get any sleep tonight, we better move faster."
      I turned to exchange a glance with Weiwei. Maybe it was better not to ask. Either way, whatever was bothering Sun Xiaoting was not something she was willing to share with us.
      I was so tired when we arrived back at our room that I didn't even bother changing out of my uniform. I struggled to keep my eyes open long enough for Weiwei to help me undo my hair. When she finished, I flopped over and was fast asleep within seconds.
      It only felt like a moment had passed before I was startled awake by the sound of someone screaming. I sat bolt upright as my head snapped toward the source of the noise. A maid I recognized from the room across from ours was standing in the doorway, completely out of breath.
      "The third prince is dead!" she cried.
      I turned to Weiwei in stunned silence. Her look of shock must have been an exact mirror of mine.
      "What happened?" one of the other maids asked quickly.
      "The third prince was found dead in his bed," the maid in the doorway said in a breathless rush. "Apparently his new wife woke up screaming beside him. The royal physician came running, but the prince was long dead." With that said, she turned and scurried off to share the news with the maids in the next room over.
      There was silence before all the maids in our room began whispering. "Do you think Second Lady Li killed him?" the maid next to Weiwei asked in disbelief. "The third prince was just as healthy as his brothers, and Second Lady Li was the one who was with him last night . . ."
      "While it might be true that Second Lady Li didn't want to marry the third prince," I said as I leaned across Weiwei to address our fellow maid, "I can't believe that she would killed him. The third prince is still a prince after all. Even someone as arrogant as Second Lady Li wouldn't dare to kill one of the emperor's sons right in his own palace."
      "How do you think the prince died?" the maid on my other side asked. "Do you think the murderer used a knife? Or do you think they poisoned him?"
      "If it really wasn't Second Lady Li," Weiwei said thoughtfully, "anyone could have poisoned his food during the banquet. Anyone could have poisoned the wedding wine brought to the bride and groom's room after the banquet."
      "Hey," I said softly as I turned to Weiwei. "Remember how Sister Sun acted last night when the Crown Prince passed by her? Do you think she knew something about the plot?"
      Suddenly, there was the sound of hurried footsteps as yet another maid appeared in the doorway. "It was the maids in your room that served Second Lady Li during her stay in the guest courtyard. Right now, Second Lady Li is the largest suspect in the third prince's death, and she's calling all of you to help testify for her."
      All the maids scrambled to their feet. When we arrived at the courtyard, the sound of anguished crying greeted us. Li Qinghua was sobbing at the feet of the officials, who were staring down at her grimly. "I didn't kill him! I swear I didn't kill him! Even though I was reluctant to marry His Highness, I would never do anything to harm him!"
      Just as the other maids and I lined up near the officials, the doors to the bedroom opened, and a middle-aged man walked out. Judging from his outfit, I could immediately tell that he was the coroner.
      "What happened?" One of the officials asked quickly as the coroner stopped in front of him.
      "Poison," the coroner said as he shook his head. "The third prince died from poison."
      The official turned back to Li Qinghua, glaring. "Did you poison your husband?"
      "It wasn't me!" Li Qinghua shrieked as she groveled at his feet. "I'm innocent!" Her unbound hair spilled over the stones, and the long fabric of her flowing outer garments rippled around her as she trembled.
      The official stomped his foot impatiently. "You vicious woman! Still won't admit to your crimes?"
      Li Qinghua's head snapped up as her gaze fell on me. Her eyes widened in recognition. "You, maid! Tell these officials that I would never murder my husband!"
      I took a step forward and dropped to my knees. "Milady wouldn't kill her husband. After all, this marriage allowed her to become part of the royal family. She wouldn't jeopardize that new position." As much as I didn't like Li Qinghua, I didn't want her to be wrongly accused of a crime.
      "Exactly!" Li Qinghua nodded vigorously.
      The officials just frowned down at Li Qinghua, still unconvinced. One of the officials waved his hand dismissively. "Lock her up."
      "Wait!" a voice called, and everyone looked over to watch the princess sprint into the courtyard. "I don't think Qinghua killed my brother!"
      "Your Highness," an official said in exasperation, "Second Lady Li is the biggest suspect right now."
      "I think you're being too hurried," another voice called. I looked on as a pair of figures glided into the courtyard to join the small gathering.
      "Your Highness," the officials chorused as the second prince came to a stop next to the princess. Li Qingmei stood at his side, and her eyes immediately fell on her younger sister.
      "This is a murder case," the second prince said smoothly. "I think you should leave the investigating to me. The deceased is my brother. I feel his loss, just as any brother feels the loss of a dear sibling."
      "Leave the investigating to you?" Everyone turned to watch the Crown Prince stride into the courtyard with a flustered look on his face. "Of course you want to be the one investigating the case! You're the one who killed him!"
      "Me?" The second prince just blinked. "I know you never thought highly of me, but accusing me of murdering our brother . . .?"
      "I know it was you!"-the Crown Prince pointed at his brother-"It was you!"
      The officials standing around looked at each other uneasily before turning to address the Crown Prince. They had clearly never seen him this flustered before. "Your Highness, please calm down. You can't just accuse the second prince like that without any evidence."
      "Evidence-?" The Crown Prince opened his mouth to speak, but instead let out a laugh. He continued to point his finger at his brother before turning on the spot and marching out of the courtyard.
      The second prince turned back to the officials. "As I was saying, I want to help investigate the case and bring my brother's killer to justice."
      The officials exchanged a glance. "I think we better let His Majesty decide."
      The second prince offered them a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. "Let's go, then."
      "After you."
      I watched as the second prince, Li Qingmei, and the officials left the courtyard. The moment they vanished from sight, Li Qinghua started sobbing again. "I'm so young, and yet I'm already a widow!" she wailed.
      Her maids were at her side in an instant to console her. 
      The princess turned to look at the line of maids standing in silence. She waved a hand at us, her expression more serious than I had seen before. "All of you can leave now."
      "Yes, Your Highness," we chorused.
      For the rest of the day, I absently scrubbed floors and lit candles. A different sort of silence had settled over the palace since the death of the third prince. Soon, we'd be taking down the red wedding decorations and replacing them with the white funeral ones.
      That night, there was a soft tapping at the window, and I climbed out to meet Shen Fanghuan.
      "Did you hear the news about the third prince?" Shen Fanghuan whispered worriedly as I shut the window behind me.
      I nodded tiredly. "I did."
      Shen Fanghuan's eyes were sad. "I'm afraid that while the palace guards are on high alert, I won't be able to meet you here."
      "I was afraid of that too. But I think it's for the best."
      Shen Fanghuan sniffled quietly, and I watched him wipe away a tear. "I'm sorry." He gave me an embarrassed smile and blotted his face with the back of his sleeve. "It only occurred to me when I was on my way here that this might be the last time the two of us will see each other."
      I smiled as I gently reached up to brush another tear away. "Don't say that. Once the culprit is found, the security will loosen, and things will go back to normal."
      Shen Fanghuan took my hands in his. "If this really is our last time seeing each other, I want to tell you that I don't regret meeting you. All the time we've spent together-I've treasured every moment of it. Every night that I snuck over here to talk to you has been worth it."
      I hugged him tightly as tears threatened. The stars in the sky above blurred together before my eyes. "Why do I feel like you're saying goodbye? Fanghuan, I don't want to say goodbye."
      "Since last month," Shen Fanghuan started, "I've had the feeling that someone was following me on my way here. But whenever I looked around, there was never anyone there."
      I nearly stopped breathing at that. "Could someone else be sneaking around the palace at night?"
      "I don't know. Come to think of it, there was one time when I could have sworn that I saw someone dressed in black running in the dark. If that was who was involved with the third prince's death . . . I can only pray I don't run into them."
      I begin to panic. "When you get back to your own room tonight, don't come back here. I don't want anything bad to happen to you. You should go. Quickly now."
      Shen Fanghuan let out a soft laugh, even though his eyes were still teary. "How am I supposed to leave if you won't let me?"
      I realized my hands were still wrapped tightly around his arm, and reluctantly let them fall away. But just as he turned to go, my feet were moving, and I wrapped my arms around his back. I was scared. "Please be careful," I whispered. "Please stay safe."
      After another round of goodbyes and reassurances, I watched his figure vanish into the night. Even after he was gone, I clasped my hands together in silent prayer. Please keep Fanghuan safe.
      
~
      
      I awoke in the morning to Weiwei gently shaking my shoulders. "Xiyan. Xiyan?"
      I sniffed as I sat up. "I'm awake."
      "Xiyan," Weiwei said in alarm as she looked at me. "Your eyes are puffy!"
      I raised a hand to my face. My tears had long dried on my skin, and my eyes were crusty. "Oh."
      "I'll go get you a bucket of water so you can wash your face," Weiwei said quickly as she slid out of bed. "Wait here-I'll be right back!"
      The days turned into weeks in the blink of an eye. Everything was foggy-my thoughts, my mind, the sky above the palace walls. I walked around in a daze, and yet at the same time, I was more alert than I had ever been before. I wanted to catch a glimpse of Shen Fanghuan. Even if it was just for a moment . . . I wanted to know if he was alright. As I walked the long corridors, I found myself wondering if he was just on the other side of the tall stone walls. Every time I passed a flower in full bloom, I wondered if it had been tended to by him.
      Every now and then, I would hear new gossip about the investigations: they had discovered letters the Crown Prince had hidden discussing his involvement in a shady business with a mysterious contact, but the prince was adamant that the letters weren't his and that someone was trying to frame him.
      "I think the Crown Prince did it," said one of the maids sitting next to me as we took apart old candle holders. I absently scraped the wax off a candle holder, only half listening to the conversation taking place.
      "Really?" one of the other maids replied. "It's becoming more and more obvious that the second prince did it and is now framing the Crown Prince."
      "Obvious?" the first maid questioned. "How?"
      "Apparently, the second prince has been having the Crown Prince spied on," the second maid said seriously. "They just caught the spy this morning. The Crown Prince is accusing him of planting evidence."
      "Who's the spy?"
      "No one special, apparently. I find it hard to believe. He's just a gardener. What was his name? Shen . . . Shen . . . I can't remember now."
    

    Chapter Seven

	My mind was completely blank. Shen Fanghuan-accused of planting evidence? But he wouldn't do such thing. He must have been sneaking out to see me.
	A silent tear slid down the side of my face. I needed to find Sun Xiaoting. She worked in the Crown Prince's courtyard, after all, and I had questions I needed answered. I stared unseeingly as I walked outside.
	"Xiyan!" a worried voice called, and I found Weiwei hurrying toward me.
	"Have you heard about Fanghuan?" My voice was a broken sound. "The Crown Prince is blaming him for working for the second prince and planting evidence. He's innocent, though," I said desperately. "Whatever he says in his defense-no one will listen to him. What's the word of a servant against the Crown Prince? There's more to the story than this. The last time Fanghuan met me outside our room, he told me that he had sensed someone else sneaking through the palace at night. This is all a setup!"
	"Even if it is a setup," Weiwei said, holding my gaze, "what proof do we have? We can't just go around making claims without evidence. No one will believe us based on our words alone."
	"Evidence . . . evidence . . ." I paced back and forth, wringing my hands together. Then I stopped. "Weiwei, have you seen Sister Sun? She knows more about the Crown Prince than she's letting on. And if the Crown Prince really is the murderer-"
	"But we don't know for sure if the Crown Prince is the murderer."
	"If Sister Sun still refuses to talk," I started slowly, "I'll need to think of another way to clear Fanghuan's name." I began to talk faster and faster as my panic rose. "Weiwei, what do I do? Is it even possible to sneak into the Crown Prince's courtyard and investigate for myself?"
	Weiwei's face paled. "Xiyan, sneaking into the Crown Prince's courtyard could get you killed!"
	"I know," I said faintly. "But if I don't do anything, Fanghuan will die."
	"How about you talk to Sister Sun first," Weiwei said worriedly. "I don't want Gardener Shen to die, either."
	That night, I sat in front of the mirror, combing through my inky hair as I waited for Sun Xiaoting to return. My hair was completely free of knots, but now if I were to stop combing, my panic would set in.
	Finally, Sun Xiaoting stepped inside the room, and I bolted toward her. "Sister Sun," I said breathlessly as I scanned her surprised face. "I have questions I want to ask you."
	Sun Xiaoting blinked at me. "Questions?"
	I took Sun Xiaoting by the arm and led her over to the corner of the room. I lowered my voice, even though I found that I didn't care that all the other maids in the room were watching us. "What do you know about the Crown Prince and his relation to the third prince's death?"
	Sun Xiaoting dropped her gaze. "So this is what you wanted to ask."
	"Do you know anything?" I asked desperately. "Please, Sister Sun."
	"I-" Sun Xiaoting opened her mouth but then closed it again. "I'm really sorry, Xiyan. I don't know."
	I felt my heart sink. "Alright. But could you help me with something else? One small favor?"
	Sun Xiaoting sighed as she crossed her arms over her chest. "What's the favor?"
	I took a deep breath. "You work in the Crown Prince's courtyard. Tomorrow, could you help sneak me in?"

~

	I followed Sun Xiaoting through the palace. The stone walls were tall and unyielding, and the sky above was hidden behind a thick layer of clouds. I tried to steady my breathing when we finally arrived at the eastern palace, the residence of the Crown Prince.
	"If the head maid here asks about you," Sun Xiaoting told me quietly, "just tell her that I'm not feeling well today and you're here to help out."
	I nodded.
	Sun Xiaoting dipped her head and walked off into one of the many rooms surrounding the large open yard.
	I glanced around the yard, scanning each of the closed doors of the buildings encircling it. Even though I had made it to the Crown Prince's residence, I had no idea where to begin looking for him. I took a deep breath, squared my shoulders, and set out to work my way through all the rooms until I found the Crown Prince.
	When noon rolled around, I was beginning to feel panicked again. I had nearly made my way through all the rooms, cleaning and polishing as I went, but the Crown Prince was nowhere to be found.
	My heart sank. Why had I thought I'd be able to find the him here? He was the Crown Prince after all-he could go anywhere in the palace he pleased.
	While cleaning a room, I suddenly heard the sound of light footsteps outside. Quietly, I walked to the door and peered out. My heart nearly skipped a beat as I recognized the princess consort gliding down the walkway.
	I trailed after her, careful to keep out of sight as she stopped in front of one of the rooms. She knocked once on the door with an elegant hand. "Your Highness?" she called through the wood.
	"Oh, it's you." The Crown Prince's voice was muffled.
	"May I come in?" the princess consort asked. There was something like exasperation in her voice.
	"Sure, fine."
	The princess consort pushed open the door and carefully stepped over the threshold. After glancing around to make sure no one was watching, I crept toward the room. I crouched by the window and pressed my ear against the wall.
	"Darling, is everything alright?" the princess consort's voice asked.
	"My second brother is too clever." There was annoyance in the prince's voice as he addressed his wife. "He's got everything in his control. I just found another fake document in my study linking me to illegal trading. I burned immediately, but I'm worried more of them have been hidden around the palace."
	"What do we do, then? The second prince is trying to frame us! Do we present our own evidence to the emperor? That way we can make it clear that you weren't the one who killed the third prince."
	"Present the evidence? I can't do that!"
	"But if the crime of killing the third prince really is placed on your head-"
	"If I present the evidence that I was planning to kill the third prince, even though I never went through with it, it's enough to get me deposed anyway! I just can't believe it. I had everything in place, and then my second brother had to go ahead and kill him. And now I'm the suspicious one for having to scramble to hide everything I set up!"
	"I know," the princess consort said sympathetically. "Neither of us expected the investigators would search our eastern palace either."
	"I know he's framing me. At least you keep that bottle of our poison powder on you at all times . . . I can't believe we never even got to open it. And then that servant boy we caught sneaking around at night . . . when I had him questioned, he claimed he had nothing to do with the second prince! He was adamant he saw someone else sneaking through the palace at night."
	"He's the perfect scapegoat for now," the princess consort said. "He might be a liar, but what if there really is someone else sneaking around? Then what?"
	The Crown Prince let out a heavy sigh. "I don't know. I just want to know where I went wrong. I've always been cautious. How did my brother get ahead of me? It's almost as if he knew every move I was going to make."
	"What do we do?" the princess consort asked again, quietly this time. "His Majesty already thinks you're the culprit. Just present the evidence, and maybe we'll be able to keep our lives."
	"I can't," the Crown Prince said shortly. "I've been playing the game for so many years already. I can't let this be the way the second prince beats me."
	Gathering my confidence, I rose to my feet, steadied myself, and, with a trembling hand, knocked on the door.
	The husband and wife stopped their conversation immediately. There was a long silence, then the princess consort called out, "Who's there?"
	"I'm a maid." My voice shook, but my resolve remained firm. "I'd like to request an audience with His Highness, the Crown Prince. I have something important to tell him."
	The door opened, and I found myself face to face with the princess consort. "How dare you," she said coldly.
      I instantly dropped to the floor in a bow and pressed my head to the wood. "Please, milady! Just let me talk to His Highness!"
      "The Crown Prince doesn't have time to speak with maids like yourself-" she started, but the prince cut her off.
      "Let her in."
      The princess consort frowned, but she stepped aside to let me into the room. Quickly climbing to my feet, I hurried inside and dropped into a deep bow. "Greetings, Your Highness."
      The Crown Prince stood from his seat, brushing invisible specks of dirt from his robes before motioning for me to rise. "You have something to say?" he asked tiredly. "Say it."
      I sat on my knees in front of the Crown Prince. "Your Highness, you've wrongly accused Gardner Shen."
      "The gardener?" The Crown Prince blinked at me. "You know that gardener?"
      "Please, Your Highness." I pressed my head to the floor in a bow. "He's innocent."
      "Oh?" The Crown Prince raised his brows, getting over his initial surprise. "It was reported to my men that he was sneaking around at night. The fellow servants he shared a room with testified to it. Tell me, how could he be innocent if he was sneaking around the palace at night? Would he not have malicious intentions?"
      "He had no such intentions." I lifted my head. "I'm guilty, Your Highness. He was only sneaking around at night because he wanted to visit me."
      "Visit you?" the Crown Prince echoed.
      I nodded shakily, mustering as much confidence as I could into my voice. "That's right. The two of us are in love. Your Highness can't falsely accuse him of planting evidence when he never did such a thing! I heard Your Highness's conversation with the princess consort. Your Highness, you can't use Gardener Shen as a scapegoat. Yes, in your eyes, he's just a gardener. In your eyes, he's just another disposable servant. But to me, he's one of the kindest and most innocent people I know. I love Shen Fanghuan. I won't let you wrongly accuse him!"
      The princess consort turned to her husband in annoyance. "Your Highness, should I send this unruly maid away for you? Let me have her beaten and-"
      "Wait, wait," the Crown Prince said as he brushed his wife off. "Is it true that the gardener doesn't work for the second prince?"
      I nodded my head vigorously. "It's true!"
      The Crown Prince sat back down in his seat. "How much of our conversation consort did you hear?" 
      "All of it."
      "Your Highness!" the princess consort hissed as she strode over to her husband. She looked at me icily. "We should silence this maid now before things get out of hand. All loose ends need to be-"
      "No, no." The Crown Prince shook his head. "We'll let her live. She could be of use. Obviously, the second prince has spies watching me. I should add to my number of spies watching him."
      "But what if she tells-"
      "She won't tell anyone if she wants to live," the Crown Prince said firmly as he looked at his wife. "You're far too suspicious for your own good, you know that?"
      The princess consort's eyes blazed, but she fell silent.
      The Crown Prince turned back to me. "May I ask, what's your name?"
      "My name's Xia Xiyan, Your Highness."
      "I've never seen you around here before," the Crown Prince noted. "How did you get in?"
      "I snuck in," I said simply.
      The Crown Prince raised his brows. "You're quite bold for a maid."
      I held his gaze. "I don't dare to lie to Your Highness. Your Highness wronged my lover. I'll do anything to prove his innocence."
      The princess consort took a step forward, and I couldn't help but flinch. "How dare you speak this way to the Crown Prince!"
      The Crown Prince stared at his wife in exasperation. "Why are you trying to scare her away when she can be of use to us?"
      The princess consort's expression was a permanent frown. "I don't understand, Your Highness. I still think it makes more sense to silence this unruly maid."
      "You're always wanting to silence people, but I'm starting to think that you're just jealous."
      "I-" the princess consort spluttered. "You're my husband! I'm just trying to help you-I'm trying to lighten your burden!"
      The Crown Prince turned to me. "Will you be willing to be sent into the second prince's palace as a spy?"
      I pressed my forehead to the floor as I bowed deeply. "Yes, Your Highness."
      The Crown Prince sighed. "I'm still in the process of investigating him. Fortunately, my father ruled that neither my second brother nor I can take charge of investigating the murder. If I can just catch my brother with that special informant . . . once I capture the culprit, I'll have the means to issue a full investigation of the second prince."
      I kept my head pressed to the floor. "I'll await Your Highness's orders."
      "Rise," he said tiredly. "The princess consort will show you out."
      I shakily climbed to my feet. The princess consort swept past me, and I silently curtsied to the prince a final time before following his wife.
      "I'd be careful not to run your mouth if I were you," she told me as I stepped past her. "My husband might be merciful, but I'm not. One wrong move from you, and I won't hesitate to have you silenced."
      "Yes, milady."
      
~
      
      When night fell, I returned to the maid's lodging. Weiwei instantly hurried over to greet me. "Xiyan!" she looked me up and down with worried eyes. "That was reckless."
      "I know." I took her arm and led her over to the mirrors and benches on the far side of the room. "I'm fine though, aren't I?"
      Weiwei lowered her voice as she began to unbraid my hair. "What happened? Did you find anything about the situation with Gardener Shen?"
      "The Crown Prince said that as long as I follow his orders and agree to spy on second prince, he'll let Fanghuan go."
      Weiwei's hands stilled. "You spoke with the Crown Prince? Xiyan . . . you could have died going there. And now he-he wants you to spy for him?"
      "Weiwei, my good sister"-I leaned back to look up at her-"I'm fine, really. I'm still alive. Even if I really did die, it would have been worth it. You don't understand, Weiwei. I'll do everything I can to prove Fanghuan's innocence. When you fall in love one day, you'll understand my efforts."
      Weiwei just pushed my head back up so she could continue working on my hair. When she finished, the two of us climbed into bed, and I listened to the soft chattering among the maids until they finally drifted off to sleep.
      I rolled over in bed for what must have been the hundredth time. It must have been the middle of the night, and the world was silent. Weiwei was right-I could have died going to the Crown Prince's palace, and if the princess consort had her way, I would have. I rolled over again. Suddenly, I sat upright and looked around the dark room.
      Where is Sun Xiaoting? I asked myself. I felt someone tug lightly on my sleeve, and I looked over to find Weiwei staring up at me. She silently gestured to the door.
      I slid out of bed, my feet tapping quietly over the wooden floorboards. When I reached the door, I gently pushed it open a crack and peered into the darkness beyond. A gust of chilly wind hit me in the face. Wrapping my arms tightly around myself, I pushed the door open and stepped out into the night.
      My unbound hair fluttered around me as I tiptoed over the stones and grass. I could hear the faintest sound of voices coming from the back side of the building. I crept toward them, holding my breath as I finally stopped and looked around the corner.
      Sun Xiaoting stood with her back to me, facing a man I had never seen before. He was dressed head to toe in black, and even in the dark, I could tell his outfit wasn't a palace design. I eyed the sword hanging at his side. Could he be a martial artist?
      "His Highness has new orders for you," the man told Sun Xiaoting. His voice was like ice.
      "I've already done so much for the second prince," Sun Xiaoting replied hopelessly. "I've already risked so much-why can't he let us go?"
      The man in black ignored her as he held out a small bottle to Sun Xiaoting. The smooth ceramic glinted in the moonlight. "You're to hide this in the Crown Prince's palace."
      Sun Xiaoting inhaled sharply. "Poison?"
      "This is the poison that was used to kill the third prince. If the investigators find this, there's no way the Crown Prince can escape blame this time. He put the blamed on a gardener for planting the evidence we snuck in before, but this time he can't keep making up excuses."
      "Why can't he let us go?" Sun Xiaoting asked again, and her voice broke as she dropped to her knees.
      "The life of your lover is in your hands," the man in black said contemptuously. "If you want him to live, do as the second prince tells you." With that said, he turned and strode away.
      Sun Xiaoting just sat there on the grass as she stared after him, shaking all over.
      Still trying to process what I just heard, I hastily turned on my heel. I crawled back into bed and pulled the covers over myself as my heart pounded away in my chest.
      I felt Weiwei poke me in the side, and I rolled over to face her. She looked at me with wide eyes. What happened?
      I glanced over my shoulder to make sure that Sun Xiaoting wasn't coming back inside. "Sister Sun met up with a man who doesn't seem to work at the palace," I whispered. "He works for the second prince and wants Sister Sun to plant the poison used to kill the third prince in the Crown Prince's palace."
      Weiwei's eyes were wide. "This is the evidence we need to prove the Crown Prince's innocence. And if we can prove that he isn't the murderer-"
      "He'll let Fanghuan go!" I finished for her breathlessly. "She's probably going to plant the poison soon. If we want to take it from her, it will have to be tonight."
      Weiwei quickly shook her head. "We can't take it now. It's the middle of the night. Everyone in the court has long gone to bed. Besides, who do you want to present the poison to? The Crown Prince? The emperor himself?"
      "Of course it would have to be the emperor."
      "Xiyan, we're maids! Can we even request an audience with the emperor?"
      "I'll go find the Crown Prince," I whispered. "I'll bring the poison to him. You'll go request an audience with the emperor."
      "Me?"
      "Please, Weiwei."
      Weiwei took a deep breath, but then she nodded. "Fine. I'll try to request an audience with His Majesty."
      "Tomorrow morning," I said quietly. "That's when we'll steal the poison from Sun Xiaoting."
      
~

      I was positive I didn't get any sleep that night. Sun Xiaoting had returned shortly after I finished my conversation with Weiwei, and I kept one eye on her the entire night. I had watched her place the bottle of poison under her pillow, and now that the sky was slowly brightening outside, it was time for Weiwei and me to make our move.
      As the maids began to wake up and shuffle around the room, I sat up as well. Weiwei and I quickly changed into our uniforms and tied back our hair as usual, all the while keeping an eye on Sun Xiaoting.
      When Sun Xiaoting finally sat and began changing into her own uniform, Weiwei and I exchanged a glance.
      "Oh no!" I faked a cry of surprise as I knocked one of the mirrors onto the floor.
      Instantly, I felt all the maids' eyes on me. Sun Xiaoting walked over to check on me, and in that moment of distraction, Weiwei took the opportunity to snatch the bottle of poison from under Sun Xiaoting's pillow.
      "Sorry everyone," I called. "I'm fine." The maids were still giving me strange looks as I swiftly made my way over to the door. Weiwei was already waiting for me outside and handed me the bottle. The moment the door closed behind us, the two of us took off at a run. It wouldn't take long for Sun Xiaoting to realize the poison was gone.
      Once Weiwei and I were out of the maids' housing, we slowed to a walk. Running would only arouse suspicion. We walked together in silence for what could have been minutes or hours before our paths branched off in different directions. We exchanged nods as we split up, knowing we'd be seeing each other again very soon.
      I arrived at the eastern palace but began to panic when the guards at the entrance wouldn't let me pass. Spotting the princess consort beyond the entrance, I waved my arms furiously until she turned to look at me. Surprise flashed across her face, and she glided over to meet me.
      "I have evidence that can help clear the Crown Prince's name," I blurted, showing her the bottle of poison. "Please, let me see His Highness!"
      "Wait here," she said quickly as she turned and hurried off.
      I stood there with my heart beating rapidly in my chest. As I held the bottle of poison, I carefully examined the small ceramic container. There was nothing unusual about it-nothing out of the ordinary. But the longer I held it, the more I began to notice an almost floral scent.
      I frowned slightly, furrowing my brows as I sniffed at the bottle. I knew this scent: it was the fragrance Li Qingmei used.
      I nearly let out a laugh of disbelief. While I was certain the elder Li sister had nothing to do with the murder, her floral fragrance must have been everywhere in the second prince's residence by now. The second prince thought he hadn't left a single clue linking this murder back to him. But now, in his eagerness to incriminate the Crown Prince, he missed his wife's unmistakable fragrance clinging to the bottle.

    Chapter Eight

	I didn't have to wait long for the princess consort to return with her husband.
      "Your Highness," I said, holding out the bottle of poison to the Crown Prince, "last night, a maid working for you was given this bottle of poison by a man dressed in black. I heard the man tell her that this was the poison used to kill the third prince. She's been the one planting evidence in your palace, and she would have planted the poison too if my friend and I hadn't stolen it!"
	The Crown Prince immediately took the bottle of poison from me, his eyes widening as he turned the small bottle over in his hands.
	"You said you stole this?" the princess consort asked quickly. "Does the person know you stole it?"
	I could feel my panic beginning to creep up again. "By now, definitely."
	The Crown Prince turned to look at his wife. "We've got to hurry, then! We need to present this new evidence to my father before the second prince is alerted!"
	"You, maid"-the princess consort looked down at me-"run as fast as you can and request an audience with the emperor."
	"Yes, milady." I quickly jumped up and sprinted down the stone path.
	Everything blurred by me as I ran. I hoisted my skirts in an attempt to keep myself from tripping over them. My sweat plastered loose strands of hair to the sides of my face.
	When I reached the main courtyard in front of the courtroom, I paused for a brief moment, my hands on my knees as I tried to catch my breath. But then I heard the sound of something hard colliding with human flesh, and my head snapped up in horror.
	Weiwei was lying on an elevated wooden platform, and a palace guard stood next to her with a wooden paddle in his hands.
	"Weiwei!" I cried, and then I was sprinting forward.
	Weiwei raised her head from where she was lying on her stomach. Her face was streaked with tears, and her eyes were glazed with pain.
	"Stop!" I cried as the palace guard brought the wooden paddle down on Weiwei's back. The guard ignored me and raised the paddle again.
	I desperately threw myself over Weiwei's back. The guard's paddle hit me instead, and my entire body seemed to snap. I let out a cry as my eyes watered, but I didn't have time to catch my breath before the paddle struck me again.
	"Xiyan!" Weiwei was crying. "Get up!"
	"I won't move!" I gritted my teeth as I braced myself for the next blow.
	"Stop!" a loud voice commanded. "Stop in the name of the Crown Prince!"
	This time the guard immediately stopped, and I turned my head to watch him salute the Crown Prince.
	The Crown Prince looked to where Weiwei and I were lying on the wooden platform. "What's going on here?"
	"Your Highness," the guard said, "this maid was causing a scene outside the courtroom. She wanted to request an audience with His Majesty. She was unruly, so now we're punishing her."
	"You can leave," the Crown Prince dismissed the guard.
	Once the guard vanished from sight, I carefully uncurled myself from Weiwei. My back was tender, and my eyes stung with tears. I helped Weiwei off the board and dropped to my knees.
	The Crown Prince turned to the eunuchs standing in front of the courtroom. "Tell my father that I request an audience with him."
	Suddenly, a voice called out from the opposite side of the courtyard. "Wait."
	My heart sank as the second prince strode in, followed closely by Sun Xiaoting.
	"What is the meaning of this?" the Crown Prince asked. His eyes narrowed, and his posture became stiff as he watched his brother come to a stop in front of him.
	The second prince just smiled lazily. "I've come here to request an audience with our father."
	"What a coincidence," the Crown Prince said coolly. "So did I. You're not escaping this time."
	"Escaping?" the second prince raised a brow. "I'm afraid I don't understand."
	"This"-the Crown Prince pulled the bottle of poison out and held it out for the second prince to see. "Recognize this?"
	The second prince just chuckled mildly. "I'm sorry to disappoint, but I have not the faintest clue."
	"This is poison," the Crown Prince said grimly. "Your poison."
	"My poison? You do know that making such accusations won't work. Our father will see through them immediately. Dear brother, you're flailing."
	"So you won't admit it, then?" The Crown Prince scoffed. "That's fine. I know all about the man in black who's sneaking around the palace at night for you."
	"Do you, now?" The second prince's tone was laced with amusement. "How come I don't know about any man in black?"
	I lifted a shaky hand from where I kneeled on the stone floor next to Weiwei to point at Sun Xiaoting. "I saw the man in black speaking to her. He said he wanted her to plant the poison in the Crown Prince's palace!"
	"Xia Xiyan?" Sun Xiaoting's eyes were wide as she shook her head. "What are you talking about?"
	I blinked. "But you-"
	"I never thought you would slander me like this," she said as she looked down at me from behind the second prince. "Did the Crown Prince force you to say this?"
	"What-? No!"
	The Crown Prince pointed to Sun Xiaoting, and his eyes widened in recognition. "Aren't you a maid in my palace?"
	Sun Xiaoting quickly dropped into a curtsy. "I am, Your Highness."
	The Crown Prince frowned. "What are you doing with my second brother?"
	Sun Xiaoting dropped to her knees, tears glistening in her eyes. "Your Highness, I might be a maid at your palace, but I couldn't just stand by without doing anything. I've wronged you, Your Highness. But if I didn't say anything, I'd never be able to rest easy."
	The Crown Prince blinked in bewilderment. "What are you talking about?"
	Sun Xiaoting looked up at the Crown Prince. "You killed the third prince!" she shrieked. "And now you're trying to escape the blame!"
	As the exchange was going on, the eunuchs standing in front of the courtroom looked at each other, unsure what to do.
	"Here," the Crown Prince suddenly said as he handed the bottle of poison to one of them. "This is the poison that was used to kill the third prince, was it not? You're part of the investigation team, after all."
	The eunuch hastily took the bottle from the Crown Prince and carefully looked at the contents inside. "This is, in fact, the poison that killed the third prince."
	"See?" The Crown Prince turned back to the second prince. "What do you have to say for yourself?"
	"How do I know this isn't your poison?" the second prince asked lightly. There was an amused smile on his face.
	"The bottle-that's Eldest Lady Li's scent clinging to it!" I answered. "It had to have come from your palace!"
	"Be quiet, maid," the second prince said silkily. "You have no right to talk to a prince this way." But he was no longer smiling.
	"Sister Sun," I desperately turned to my fellow maid. "I know the second prince is forcing you to say these things. Please, I know the Crown Prince can help you if you tell the truth. Who's the man in black? Where's he hiding?"
	Sun Xiaoting just looked at me. "Xiyan, no one's forcing me. There is no man in black."
	"You had the poison," Weiwei gasped out. "Sun Xiaoting, we were the ones who stole it from you this morning."
	"The Crown Prince is desperate," the second prince said. "He knows he's at the end of the line. Now he's taking out the poison he himself used to kill the third prince. And he's blaming it on me?"
	The princess consort's eyes blazed as she took a step forward. "The poison doesn't belong to my husband."
	The second prince sighed. "My dear sister-in-law, I know you only mean well to defend your husband, but the fact stands that my third brother was poisoned to death, and his killer is still running free. Where's the justice in that?"
	"You have no right to talk about justice," I rasped as I glared at the second prince.
	The second prince just ignored me.
	The Crown Prince turned to address the eunuchs. "I demand a thorough investigation of the second prince's palace. And I want to be there to ensure my second brother doesn't threaten or bribe anyone."
	"Both our palaces have already been investigated," the second prince countered. "I hope I don't have to remind you that yours hosted incriminating evidence."
	The Crown Prince pointed a finger at Sun Xiaoting. "From this day forth, you aren't allowed to place a single foot in my palace."
	The second prince stepped forward. "Why take your anger out on an innocent maid?"
	The Crown Prince glared at his brother. "She works for you!"
	"These two maids certainly seem to work for you," the second prince rebutted with a nod to Weiwei and me.
	"These maids are helping me get justice!"
	"Silence!" a loud voice commanded, and the two princes instantly went quiet. Everyone turned to the courtroom as a middle-aged man dressed in gold robes emerged.
	Weiwei, Sun Xiaoting, and I immediately pressed our foreheads to the stones in a deep bow.
	"Father!" the second prince said hurriedly. "I have something to report."
	"Father!" the Crown Prince said desperately. "Please hear me out-"
	"Silence!" the emperor commanded again. His tone was a mixture of anger and annoyance. "It was difficult not to hear you both arguing outside my courtroom. What have I done to raise such errant sons like yourselves?"
	"Father," the Crown Prince tried again. "I have evidence that my second brother is involved with my third brother's death."
	"Evidence, evidence," the emperor said irritably. "I don't want to hear it. Can the two of you stop getting at each other's throats? The two of you are princes for god's sake, not wild animals. Stop pinning the blame on each other. Which one of you started this ruckus?"
	"Father, these maids started this mess," the second prince answered quickly. "The Crown Prince is using them to try and prove his innocence, and now they're slandering me."
	"How dare you." The emperor's voice was cold. Even though I was staring at the stone floor, I felt a shiver run down my spine knowing that he was looking at me. "Disrupting my court is a crime," the emperor continued. "And slandering the second prince . . . how bold the two of you maids are. You don't value your lives?"
	"Your Majesty!" I cried. "Please investigate the second prince! The bottle of poison-it had Eldest Lady-"
	"Silence," the emperor said, and I instantly fell silent. Groveling there at his feet, the feeling of complete and utter helplessness was beginning to sink in. "Guards, take these unruly maids away. Throw them in the prison."
	My head snapped up, and I barely even registered the clinking of armor as the palace guards hurried forward. "Your Majesty, have mercy!"
	The emperor just ignored me as someone roughly dragged me to my feet.
	"Your Majesty!" Weiwei's and my voice blended together as we were led away. The Crown Prince's face was pale as he stared after us. The princess consort stood by his side, her expression stoic as the two of them looked on.
	As we were dragged through the prison, I glanced through the dim light into the different cells, hoping to get a glimpse of Shen Fanghuan. But of the figures I could see through the dark, none of them were the gardener. It was cold and quiet, and our footsteps echoed loudly over the stones.
	I heard the jingling of keys in a lock, and then the guards shoved us into one of the cells. Still injured from the flogging, Weiwei tumbled to the floor, and I instantly dropped to my knees beside her. My back hissed in protest. I turned back to the guards just in time to see them lock the door to our cell and walk off without looking back.
	"Weiwei," I whispered, my voice shaking. "Are you alright? How long were they flogging you before the Crown Prince and I arrived?"
	"It wasn't very long," Weiwei answered with a wince. "I think I got around seven hits before you ran in."
	I quickly hurried to sit behind Weiwei. "Let me check your back." To my relief, there was no blood showing through the fabric of her dress. Then I slumped back against the stone wall as the reality of our situation sunk in. "Weiwei," I whispered as I drew my knees to my chest. "What do we do now? Are we going to die here?"
	Then a voice said, "Dying here depends on what exactly the two of you did to end up here in the first place."
	I blinked and raised my head to search for the source of the voice. A young man stood behind the bars of the cell next to ours. His eyes were tired behind his tangled hair, and he wore the outfit of a servant.
	"How long have you been in here?" I asked hesitantly.
	The man took a seat on the floor of his cell. "A few months now."
	I jumped up and scooted over to take a seat in front of him. Even with the wooden bars between us, it was as if we were all in the same cell.
	Weiwei took a seat beside me as she looked over at the young man. "Why were you locked up?"
	"My luck was bad," the man said with a sigh. "That's all. The guards didn't even tell me why they were arresting me, and I've been in here ever since. What about the two of you?"
	"We were thrown in here for acting unruly," Weiwei answered tiredly.
	The young man looked confused. "That shouldn't be enough to get you sent down here."
	I exhaled heavily. "The people we offended were in a bad mood."
	The man scooted closer to the bars, noticing our outfits. "The two of you are maids-would you happen to know a maid named Sun Xiaoting?"
	"Sun Xiaoting?" Weiwei and I exchanged a glance.
	"You know her?" the young man asked hopefully.
	Weiwei raised a brow. "Do you know her?"
	"Xiaoting is the woman I love," the man said simply.
	She really does love you, was what I wanted to say as I dropped my gaze.
	"Did you happen to see a young man brought down here a couple of days ago?" Weiwei asked quickly. "He's also a servant."
	The man frowned as he furrowed his brow. "There were a few young men who were brought down here in the past couple of days. I can't say for sure what happened to any of them."
	"Thank you," I said softly. I climbed to my feet, walked to the far side of the cell, and curled up on the cold stone floor. Is Fanghuan locked up here? If I yell, will the guards flog Weiwei and me again?
	I closed my eyes as they began to string with tears. I took one deep breath after another. I could smell the mildew, and I nearly gagged.
	I drew my knees to my chest. Where is Shen Fanghuan?
	The next few days were cold and silent. Weiwei and I huddled together in the corner of our cell. The light fabric of our own clothes did nothing keep us warm. My breath puffed out in front of me whenever I exhaled, and my fingers felt numb.
	The guards stopped by once a day to give the young man next door a bowl of porridge, but there was never anything for Weiwei and me. The second prince was keeping Sun Xiaoting's lover alive to control her, but there was no reason to keep Weiwei and me alive.
	My stomach let out a loud growl, and I curled in on myself as the pangs refused to subside. If we didn't freeze to death first, we'd certainly starve.
	The young man in the cell next to us offered us his bowl of porridge, but we declined. Even though I knew I should have hated Sun Xiaoting for turning against Weiwei and me, I couldn't bring myself to hold a grudge against her. She wanted to protect her lover's life; she had no choice.
	On the fourth day, we finally had a visitor. It was the Crown Prince. Weiwei and I both dropped to our knees and pressed our foreheads to the stone floor as he entered our cell.
	"Your Highness," I finally said as I straightened. My eyes searched his face. "How's Fanghuan?"
	"Shen Fanghuan . . ." the Crown Prince said slowly. "The gardener?"
	I nodded vigorously as I waited for him to continue.
	"He's dead," the Crown Prince said regretfully.
	I just stared at him. "What?"
	The Crown Prince shook his head. "When I sent someone to check on him, he was already dead. He had a withered flower in his hand. There was no mistaking that he was the gardener."
	"No." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "Fanghuan isn't dead. He can't be."
	The Crown Prince sighed heavily. "I'm sorry."
	My tears were already flowing as I turned to look at Weiwei as if she'd reassure me that the prince was only joking. But her eyes were just as wide and disbelieving as my own.
	"Why come to see us?" Weiwei asked the Crown Prince in a whisper. "Your Highness isn't inclined to visit a couple of maids."
	The Crown Prince looked at me. "I feel inclined to thank you. If it wasn't for you getting that bottle of poison and recognizing Li Qingmei's scent, I wouldn't have been able to get the second prince reinvestigated."
	"How did he die?" I didn't even bother to wipe my tears away as I looked at him in despair. "When did he die? Where's his body now?"
	"It was my wife who went to check on him," the Crown Prince told me regretfully. "When she found him a few days ago, he had died from an illness. I'm afraid it was a combination of the cold and his lack of nourishment. My wife said he had a weak body to begin with and was surprised he even survived after being tortured by the interrogators. He refused to tell them what he was doing sneaking around the palace at night but remained adamant he had nothing to do with the second prince."
	I let out a sob.
	The Crown Prince sighed again. "I feel guilty. Even though I wasn't able to keep the gardener alive, I can help the two of you keep your lives. Tomorrow, a wagon will arrive at the palace. It will transport disobedient servants from the palace to the mines. You'll have to spend the rest of your years there as slaves, but it's the only way to stay alive."
      I just sat there, my mind and body completely numb.
	"Thank you for your generosity, Your Highness." Weiwei bowed deeply and pressed her forehead to the stones. When I didn't move, Weiwei tugged on my sleeve, and I slowly bowed as well. My fingers curled into fists.
	There was an echoing of footsteps through the prison as the Crown Prince exited the cell. I remained there with my forehead pressed to the floor for a long time before Weiwei gently helped me up.
	"Fanghuan's dead!" I whirled on Weiwei as my voice broke. 
	"I'm so sorry," Weiwei whispered. Tears glittered in her own eyes.
	"Weiwei," I sobbed as my eyes burned with tears. "Don't feel sorry for me. The one to feel sorry for is Fanghuan. I can only imagine how much pain he was in all alone in the dungeons. I can only how frightened his was. There's no sun. Did he freeze to death? Did he starve to death? He was innocent-why didn't anyone help him? And now . . . now he's . . ."
	I could no longer feel the cold of the cell. The silence roared in my ears, and my vision blurred. And then I really was screaming. My own chest hurt. My heart was breaking, shattering. There was so much pain. My head hurt as if someone had pounded a white-hot knife into my skull.
	"Xiyan!" Weiwei inhaled sharply as she made to move forward.
      I threw out a hand to stop her. A moment later, I was clapping my hands to my head, but there was nothing there. White-hot pain shot through my skull, and though all I could touch was my hair, I could feel the phantom sensation of my demon horns protruding. Suddenly, there was a crack, and I was crying again as my left horn exploded.
	A rush of magic surged through my veins. I could feel the power growing, growing . . . and then the world tilted as I passed out from the agony.

~

      After I finished my work, I hurried toward the library. The doors were open, and I slipped inside. I searched for Lady Hui, but the ghost was nowhere to be seen.
	Eagerly, I floated over to the far corner of the library and landed on the floor between two towering shelves. This time, instead of picking up a book, I gathered my magic and transformed myself into a human. I beamed as I looked down at my human form. I twirled around, and my billowing robes flowed with me. I held out one of my hands, and a gleaming spear appeared.
	I jumped to the other side of the aisle, and in a puff of smoke, I transformed into the beautiful maiden. I wasn't sure how many hours I spent jumping back and forth, acting out the roles of the brave hero and the beautiful maiden, until . . .
	"Found you!" a voice cackled from behind me.
	I jumped and swung my spear toward the source of the voice. The demons scattered into the air as I waved the blade at them.
	These demons were low level, like me, without physical forms. They laughed as they floated out of reach of my spear. Their smoky bodies gilded around my head. "If you want to play, we'll accompany you," they called.
	There was a flash as each of the demons took on the form of a different nightmare. In seconds, I was surrounded by a horde of ghosts. My fingers tightened around my spear. The stench of their rotting flesh filled the air, and I squeezed my eyes shut as I whirled at them with my spear.
	My spear was stopped mid-swing, and I slowly opened my eyes. Lady Hui stood in front of me, holding my spear.
	"Lady Hui!" I exclaimed. I looked around to find that all the demons had reverted back to their original smoky forms and were cowering from the ghost.
	Lady Hui smiled at me, but it was a smile that didn't reach her eyes. Today she was dressed in purple, and her scarves fluttered as she lowered my spear. "Are you pretending to be a human?" Before I could open my mouth to answer, Lady Hui snapped her fingers, and my human form vanished. Back in my original form, I floated in the air in front of her.
	"Please, Lady Hui," I pleaded, but she just snapped her fingers again. This time, when she turned to glide out of the library, a magnetic force dragged me along behind her.
	"The library is open for important purposes only," Lady Hui said coldly. She left me outside the library doors. Surrounded by the endless fog of the demon realm, I turned sadly and glided away.

~

	When I came to, the clattering of wheels over dirt was loud in my ears. If I listened carefully, I could hear the sound of hooves. I felt myself sway back and forth with the motion. Slowly, I opened my eyes and squinted from the sudden rush of sunlight.
	"You're awake!" Weiwei exclaimed in a whisper.
	The pain I felt in the cell had vanished completely. The surge of magic I had felt-it was gone too.
	As my initial grogginess faded, I pulled myself up and looked around. I was sitting in a wooden wagon, surrounded by a number of other palace maids. Some of them had tears streaking their faces, others silently stared at the green fields rolling out around us.
	"How long have I been unconscious?" I asked weakly.
	Weiwei glanced around at our forlorn companions. "Almost two days now."
	"Two days?"
	"What happened, Xiyan?" Weiwei's eyes were full of concern. "You just started screaming, and then you passed out in the cell."
	I reached up and absently ran a hand over my head. There were no horns there, only my tangled hair. But the phantom sensation still lingered. Of the two horns I had in my demon form, only one remained. It had been my overwhelming heartbreak that shattered it-a feeling completely foreign to demons. Did this mean I was one step closer to becoming a full human? But at what cost? I let my hand fall back down to my side and instead watched the land roll by around us.
	"We're out of the palace," I said blankly. I had always wanted to leave the palace and search for Yuxin. But during those last few months after I met Shen Fanghuan . . .
      I drew my knees to my chest, only to notice my feet were tied together with a bundle of thick rope.
	I reached down to try and untie it, but Weiwei just placed a hand on my arm. "I've already tried," she said quietly. "They purposely tied them this way so that the only way to remove them is to cut them."
	I closed my eyes for a moment, feeling the wind on my face. I opened my eyes and gazed unseeingly at the blue sky. The entire world had gone dull around me.
	From somewhere far away, Weiwei placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. But I could barely feel anything now.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said quietly after the wagon rolled to a stop. The guards had dismounted their horses and were now passing out steamed buns among the prisoners. "Xiyan," Weiwei tried again. "You have to eat something."
	I just shook my head. "I'm not hungry." It was true; I had no appetite. Even the pangs I had previously felt in my stomach had vanished.
	"You haven't eaten for days," Weiwei said as she pressed one of the steamed buns into my hands. "At least take a bite."
	Too tired to argue, I lifted the bun to my mouth. Everything was flavorless.
	
~

	The next day, our path led us through a dense bamboo forest. As I watched the green blur around me, I found myself thinking back to the time when Yuxin and I had run away from the village.
	I closed my eyes again, and a silent tear slid down the side of my face.
	Suddenly, the wagon jerked to a stop. I blinked as the sound of whispering from my companions filled the still air, and I looked at Weiwei.
	Weiwei just shook her head, equally bewildered.
	I leaned around the side of the wagon, trying to get a glimpse of the guards in front. Suddenly, there was movement from the bamboo around us. A number of men charged toward us, each holding a wicked-looking blade. Despite my numbed state, fear flooded through me.
	There were screams as the maids in the wagon all dropped down. They pressed their hands over their ears as the bandits engaged the guards in combat. But the guards quickly fell one by one, and before long, the forest was silent again.
	My heart pounded away in my chest as one of the bandits stepped toward the wagon. The blood on his blade dripped onto the dirt path. "Listen up," he called gruffly. "You girls belong to us now. Be good and stay in your wagon until we find someone who will buy you for a good price."
	Trembling, I watched one of the bandits mount the horse pulling our wagon and made to steer the wagon around. But before he could move, there was a loud thump, and he tumbled off the horse.
	Two of the other bandits quickly hurried over to where their companion had fallen. I heard one of them inhale sharply. "He's dead!"
	Weiwei and I exchanged wide-eyed glances. 
	Suddenly, there was movement from the bamboo again, and a figure dressed in flowing red robes burst through the leaves.
	The bandits hesitated as they gawked at the young woman now standing in front of them, then charged at her with their blades raised.
	Sword in hand, the woman blocked and parried the bandits with ease, practically dancing among them. She cut them down as if they were stalks of bamboo, spraying blood as she went. It was gruesome, but there was something mesmerizing about the way she moved.
	In a matter of minutes, all the bandits lay dead on the forest floor.
	The woman sheathed her sword before walking over to the wagon. A lazy smile spread across her red-painted lips as she stood there in front of us. "Hello there, beauties."

    Chapter Nine

	"Who are you?" one of the former palace maids asked as the woman in red leaped into the wagon and effortlessly cut through our ropes with a dagger.
	The young woman flashed the girl a smile. "I'm Chen Han. No need to thank me, though-we ladies should always be helping each other. Isn't that right?" I just stared at her as she sliced through the ropes binding my ankles together. When Chen Han finished cutting all the ropes, she jumped back out of the wagon. Her robes billowed around her, and she flipped her long ponytail over a shoulder as she turned back around to face us. "There's a village just down the path there. Off you go."
	I hastily climbed out of the wagon, rocking on my feet as my stiff legs protested my weight. "Heroine, please wait!" I called.
	Chen Han blinked at me expectantly and folded her arms over her chest.
	"Where are you going?" I asked breathlessly.
	"I'm on my way to Jingcheng, the capital," Chen Han answered.
	"Can you take us with you?" I gestured to Weiwei and myself.
	The heroine in red just blinked again. "Take you with me? I don't know if that would be very convenient . . ."
	I suddenly pointed to the sheath strapped to Chen Han's back. I had seen it before, and I recognized it. "Do you know the hero Wu Ren?"
	"Wu Ren?" She let out a laugh. "Of course I know Hero Wu! He's the one who taught me martial arts. Do you know him?"
	"Hero Wu helped me out once," I explained.
	A grin split across Chen Han's face, and her eyes lit up. "Well, if you know my master, of course I can take you to see him! You can travel with us to Jingcheng as well." Then Chen Han looked over her shoulder and raised her voice at the rows of bamboo. "Fei Ziyi!"
	I looked on, stunned, as a handsome young man emerged from the foliage. As he made his way toward us, he nearly tripped over the dead bandits scattered across the forest floor. He was dressed in pale green robes and cradled a gourd of liquor in his hands. Despite being otherwise neatly put together, his dark hair was full of leaves.
	"Where were you when the bandits attacked the wagon?" Chen Han asked with a sigh. She took a step forward and began picking the leaves out of the young man's hair. "You were supposed to help me, you know, or at least be my backup."
	The young man, Fei Ziyi, just brushed her hand away, grinning lazily. Up close, he was noticeably flushed in the face and smelled of alcohol. "What bandits? I don't see any bandits attacking."
	Something flickered behind Chen Han's eyes as she pressed a hand to her head. "Forget it." Then she turned back to Weiwei and me with a semi-exasperated smile on her face. "This is my junior, Fei Ziyi. We learned martial arts together under Master Wu."
	Fei Ziyi saluted Weiwei and me. "Hello. I'm Fei Ziyi. But you can call me Handsome Fei-"
	"Don't mind him," Chen Han interjected, unamused. "He's a hopeless drunk."
	Fei Ziyi stared at me with furrowed brows, then grinned again. "Hey, who does she look like?"
	I blinked. "What?"
	Chen Han crossed her arms again. "Who?"
	"Lady Xu Moyue!" Fei Ziyi exclaimed triumphantly.
	Chen Han frowned faintly as she looked me up and down. "Now that you mention it, she does resemble Lady Xu a little bit."
	"Who's Lady Xu?" I asked quickly.
	"A prostitute," Chen Han answered matter-of-factly.
	"She's not just a prostitute," Fei Ziyi cut in. "She's said to be the second most beautiful woman in the capital."
	"We should get a move on if we want to see our master before it gets dark," Chen Han cut in.
	Fei Ziyi ignored her as he staggered in front of me. "Are you sure you aren't her twin sister?"
	"Heroine Chen," I started, but the heroine in red just waved me off with a wry smile.
	"Just call me Sister Chen. There's no need to be so formal."
	"Sister Chen," I said. "Do you know if Lady Xu has any other names?"
	Chen Han tilted her head to the side. "Other names?"
	I dropped my gaze. "I actually have a sister. We were separated years ago. As a maid in the palace, I had no way to look for her. But now that I'm free, any clue as to where she might be is one I need to investigate."
	Fei Ziyi burst into laughter at that. "You think Lady Xu might be your sister?"
	Weiwei frowned at him. "Why not?"
	Fei Ziyi continued to laugh. "She might look like Lady Xu, but I'm sure that's as far as the similarities go."
	Chen Han took a step forward. Then, taking Weiwei and me by the arms, she marched us past Fei Ziyi and down the path.
	"Wait for me!" Fei Ziyi called after us.

~

	We walked for a few hours before we came across a small town. We stopped to buy food and, despite our protests, Chen Han even took Weiwei and me to buy a new set of clothes.
	The heroine in red flashed us a grin when we left the clothing shop. "Don't worry about paying me back. Martial artists like me don't ask for anything in return. We just believe in helping those in need. Now"-she glanced around the bustling streets-"where did Ziyi run off to?"
	As the heroine walked through the streets, crimson robes billowing, numerous heads turned in her wake. But Chen Han didn't seem to mind in the slightest. She just smiled as she inclined her head to the gawking townsfolk.
	I could feel the eyes of the townspeople on my back as I hurried to keep pace with Chen Han's strides. "Do they always stare at you like this?" I asked quietly.
	Chen Han just gave me a knowing smile. "I wear red for a reason. This way, I can attract attention. I don't need to go searching-all the good and bad will always come to me."
	We found Fei Ziyi further down the path. He was walking aimlessly, drinking from his gourd of liquor.
	"Ziyi!" Chen Han came to a stop in front of him. "We're all done here. It's time to go visit our master."

~

	After leaving the village, we walked for another hour before veering off the main road. Then after a long trek up a hill overflowing with greenery, we finally arrived at its summit. There, Chen Han lit incense and bowed to the stone plaque before setting the thin sticks in the dirt.
      "Master," Chen Han said solemnly. "Your disciples have come to visit you."
	I stared at the characters carved into the rough stone. "The Tomb of Wu Ren," it read. Clasping my hands together, I bowed deeply.
	"Liquor," Chen Han said, and Fei Ziyi passed her his gourd. The heroine in red took a swig from the gourd before pouring what remained in front of the tomb as an offering. She smiled faintly after she passed the gourd back to Fei Ziyi. "Master, we owe you so much. I know how you were mocked for taking Ziyi and me as your students. But you just laughed them off, saying that you've always liked a lively environment. Thank you for believing in us."
	"Thank you, Master," Fei Ziyi echoed as he and Chen Han bowed to the tomb.
	Chen Han straightened and faced Weiwei and me. "Do the two of you have anything you'd like to say to my master?"
	"Thank you, Hero Wu," I said quietly before bowing deeply. Weiwei bowed as well.
	The path was hidden behind the fog as we made our way back down the hill. "There's no more liquor," Fei Ziyi complained. "We need to find the nearest town and get more."
	Chen Han leveled him a look over her shoulder. "If you want liquor, you have to pay for it out of your own pocket. And don't tell me that you're running low on money. That's because whenever we do take on jobs, I do all the work, and you don't get paid."
	"Just this one last time. I promise I won't ask for money again."
	"You said that last time," Chen Han pointed out, "and the many times before that."
	Fei Ziyi blinked. "Did I?"
	After a silence fell between them, Weiwei asked, "Why are the two of you heading to the capital?"
	Chen Han let out a laugh. "It was Ziyi's idea. He's been running low on money for a while now and suspected that there would be more job opportunities in a city like Jingcheng. I'm just tagging along to make sure he stays out of trouble."
	"That's not true," Fei Ziyi said as he slung an arm around Chen Han's shoulders. "You follow me because you're lonely without me."
	Chen Han flashed him an amused smile but made no move to shake his arm off.
	By the time the sun set, we had found a town to stay the night in. Chen Han led us to a hotel, and to conserve money, decided it would make sense for all of us to crowd into one room.
	Once we got a room, I walked over to the window and pushed it open to look out at the now silent streets. From behind me, I could hear the sound of faint murmuring and the jingling of coins. I looked back over my shoulder just in time to see Fei Ziyi's green robes flutter around the corner of the door.
	"I don't think he'll be back until morning," Chen Han said matter-of-factly as she pocketed her coin purse. Then, taking a seat, she unstrapped the sheath on her back and drew her sword. The blood of the bandits we had encountered earlier in the day had dried on it, and she got to work cleaning it off.
	I turned back to the window. After hearing the news of Shen Fanghuan's death, everything seemed to have lost its color. But now that I had the opportunity to find Yuxin, I couldn't give up. If I didn't take this chance to find Yuxin, I'd regret it for the rest of my life.
	I turned to look at the heroine in red. Out of everyone I had met so far, Chen Han and her late master Wu Ren were the most like the heroes in the stories I read. It felt like an entire lifetime ago since I departed from the demon realm.
	When Chen Han caught me looking at her, she shook back her dark hair and flashed me a smile. "Why are you looking at me?" She rested her chin on the palm of her hand. "Don't want to sleep yet? The three of us could have some fun."
	"What kind of fun?" I asked tiredly.
	"No thanks," Weiwei interjected stiffly. "We're going to bed."
	Chen Han just shrugged and went back to cleaning her sword. "Alright."
	Even if I wanted to sleep, I wasn't sure if I could. I looked at Weiwei. She was sitting on the bed, absently combing her fingers through her long hair. If the bandits really had sold us, would we have been separated too?
      My hands clenched in the rough fabric of my skirts. When we had picked out clothing, Weiwei and I gravitated toward the cheapest outfits in the hopes to save Chen Han's money. The color and quality weren't close to that of the maid uniforms we wore at the palace, but I didn't care. I wasn't a palace maid anymore, anyway; I was just a normal girl now.
	And so I sat there by the window until the sun rose over the town in the morning.

~

	"I wonder if we could catch a ride to Jingcheng," Chen Han mused as the four of us walked down the path. Even though we were trying to travel at a steady pace, the way Fei Ziyi would often drunkenly stagger off considerably slowed our progress.
      We weren't in a rush, but I could tell that Fei Ziyi's actions were beginning to get on Weiwei's nerves. "Sister Chen, has he always been this way?" Weiwei finally asked Chen Han after Fei Ziyi strayed from the path again.
	Chen Han glanced over her shoulder at Fei Ziyi, and something like sadness flickered behind her eyes. "As far as I can remember, yes."
	Weiwei sighed. "And you just let him go on this way?"
	Chen Han returned her gaze to the road. "Who am I to determine what he can and cannot do?"
      "Sister Chen, there's one more thing I'd like to ask," I changed the topic. "Your sheath-it looks exactly like Hero Wu's."
	"My master had this commissioned for me," Chen Han said proudly as she pulled out the sheath for me to see. "He got one for Ziyi too. The three of us match, you see. My master wasn't just my teacher; he was also like a father to me."
	Fei Ziyi returned shortly and flashed us a drunken smile. "Hello there, beauties." 
	When Chen Han ignored him, he wrapped an arm around her shoulder and sensually leaned in to brush his lips against her neck. The heroine in red leaned into his touch for a moment, then scoffed and pushed him away. "You reek of alcohol."
	On the way to the capital, we stopped off at another small town. After finding us a hotel to stay in for the night, Chen Han left us there, declaring she would earn us some money. It was obvious that Weiwei felt the same uncertainty as I did about being left alone with Fei Ziyi, but the moment we arrived in the hotel room, Fei Ziyi passed out in the corner, and to our relief, he stayed that way for the rest of the night.
	For a while, I sat alone by the window until Weiwei timidly joined me. "Xiyan, how are you feeling?"
	I just stared out at the night. "Weiwei, Fanghuan entered the palace in the hopes of living a better life. Maybe if he hadn't been caught up with me, he could have really achieved a better position in the palace. Maybe in the future, he'd move on from being a servant and be able to support himself. Maybe then he'd be able to see his mother again."
	Weiwei placed a hand on my shoulder as I blinked back tears.
	"I don't know what to do now," I whispered. "I can't stop. If I stop, I'm afraid I'll fall apart entirely. I need to find my sister. I want to know how she's doing. If she's alive."
	"Once you find her, then what?"
	I watched the moon emerge from behind the clouds. "Then maybe we'll talk. We'll catch up on all the years we spent apart. And then I don't know."
	"Would you join the martial arts world?"
	"Join the martial arts world?" I fell silent. Hero Wu had warned Yuxin and me all those years ago not to join the martial arts world if we wished to live long lives.
	In the morning, there was a knock on the door, and Weiwei quickly jumped up to answer it. Chen Han stepped inside, her crimson robes flowing behind her. "I chased down a few bandits. We'll have enough money for now. I'll go wake Ziyi, then we can head out."
	Weiwei and I exchanged a glance. "You were just up all night," Weiwei said. "You don't want to rest?"
	Chen Han let out a laugh as she prodded a still unconscious Fei Ziyi with her sheath. "Rest? I'm used to this kind of travel. What's the point of sleep anyway when there's so much to do? Come on, wake up."
~
	
	"Another day of walking and we should enter the capital," Chen Han told us as we walked. "Jingcheng itself is gigantic, and the brothel where Lady Xu works is a good distance away from the walls. I know the two of you came from the palace, but have you ever seen Jingcheng itself before? Have you ever experienced Jingcheng outside the palace?"
	I shook my head. "I've only gone through small towns and villages before. I've read about the former capitals, but I think I've only read about Jingcheng a couple of times in the stories."
	"I hope it won't sweep you away," Chen Han said with a smile. "It truly is a magnificent city. But like any sort of glory, it too has a dark side."
	As the towering walls of Jingcheng emerged on the horizon, I felt my pulse begin to quicken. Somewhere behind those walls was the palace-the city within the city. If it wasn't for the three people at my side, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to muster the courage to return.
	Getting through the city gates was surprisingly easy. Once inside, I practically had to grab Weiwei's arm to keep from getting swept away in the crowds of people walking down the wide streets.
	Chen Han raised her voice to be heard over the surrounding chatter. "It isn't like this everywhere. The city gate is always one of the busiest places."
	As we walked, I looked around in awe. Shops and restaurants stretched as far as the eye could see. Vendors called out on every street. I tentatively tugged on Chen Han's sleeve once we got farther away from the city walls. "Sister Chen, do you know the way?"
	Chen Han flashed me a smile. "Of course."
	I looked back over my shoulder only to find that Fei Ziyi had vanished. "He's gone!"
	Chen Han let out a sigh. "He'll find us eventually."
	It felt like no time had passed at all before the three of us were standing across the street from the brothel.
	"What are we waiting for?" I said. "We should go in and check-"
	Weiwei grabbed my wrist before I could move. "Xiyan, we can't go in there."
	I blinked. "Why not?"
	"It's improper for women to enter a place like that," she explained under her breath.
	My hands curled into fists in my skirts. "What do we do? Do we wait for Fei Ziyi?"
	A smile played on Chen Han's red-painted lips. "Getting in is easy. All you need to do is dress up in men's clothing."
	"Easy?" Weiwei stared at Chen Han in exasperation. "You say it as if you've dressed up in men's clothing and snuck into brothels before."
	"I have," Chen Han said simply.
	"Where do we get men's clothing from?" I asked hesitantly.
	"Well, we could wait for Ziyi to find us and then borrow his robe, or we could find a clothing store."
	"We should wait for Fei Ziyi," I decided. "Besides, can we really pull it off? Even if we dress up in men's clothing, none of us would be very convincing."
	Chen Han just flashed me a reassuring smile. "You worry too much. The fragrance they burn inside has an intoxicating effect. The staff have been exposed to it for too long today and won't be able to see straight."
	The three of us ended up sitting outside a noodle shop nearby. Chen Han treated us to lunch, and I was reminded again of the way Hero Wu had helped Yuxin and me.
	By the time Chen Han spotted Fei Ziyi approaching, the sun had set, and the city was glowing with lantern light. Even at night, the bustle of the city was as lively as ever, and I could have sworn there were even more people out now.
	After getting a room in a hotel to change, it was only a matter of minutes before I was standing outside the brothel again. I was alone and dressed in Fei Ziyi's pale green robe. Chen Han had tied my hair up and given me a paper fan.
	Mustering my courage, I squared my shoulders and walked toward the entrance of the brothel. The women lingering by the entrance giggled as they beckoned me inside.
	"Young Master," a young woman cooed as she waltzed up beside me. "Is it your first time here?"
	I quickly nodded, already uncomfortable. I cleared my throat, trying to make my voice sound deeper. "Can I see Lady Xu Moyue?"
	"Lady Xu?" the young woman blinked at me in a disappointed sort of way. "Why, everyone comes here to see Lady Xu. You'll have to wait your turn. Sometimes you'll even have to wait weeks to get a glimpse of her. But if you've got some money . . . who knows? Maybe I could help you get to the front of the line."
	"I-I'm sorry," I stammered, fumbling for the paper note Chen Han had given me earlier. "I only have the standard fee."
	The woman fanned herself with her delicate fan before plucking the note from my hands. "That's alright, then. You got lucky. Lady Xu is only playing one tune on her lute for each of her customers tonight. It will be your turn before the night is over. I'll show you to the waiting area."
	I nodded silently as I followed her through the brothel. Lanterns glowed in every corner of the large room. The entire place smelled of alcohol and perfume, and gauzy silk was draped over every surface. The smokey haze in the air gave the whole place the illusion that it was blurring in and out of focus around me. When I looked closer, I noticed paper talismans discreetly taped over all the doors and windows. Some of them had fallen on the floor, and I paused for a moment to unstick one from the bottom of my shoe. I held it out to the woman escorting me. "What's this?"
	"Why, that's to keep the ghosts away," she giggled as she plucked it from my hands. "With Madam Qin overseeing the practice, you have nothing to worry about."
	"There's ghosts here?"
	The woman's smile gave nothing away. She pointed me to a chair, and I took a seat, trying my best to pretend not to notice the women casting playful smiles and winks in my direction.
	I sat there for what felt like hours until I was finally called to follow another woman to see Lady Xu. I quickly rose from my seat, and my legs were completely stiff as I hurried up the flight of steps to the second floor. There, I was directed down a long hallway to a set of wooden doors.
	I stood in front of the doors for a moment before finally sliding them open. The room beyond was lit by flickering candles, and a screen in the middle hid the woman on the other side. There must have been a window behind her because she was silhouetted in silver, and I held my breath as I slowly walked around the screen.
	A young woman around my age stood in the center of the room. Her smiling lips were painted crimson, and her face was powdered in white. In one hand she held a porcelain cup, and in the other, a pitcher of wine.
	"Young Master," she greeted me.
	"Lady Xu," I started, trying to see if I could recognize any of the young woman's features through her heavy makeup.
	"Young Master," she said again, gracefully gilding forward. "I don't think we've met before." She pushed the cup of wine into my hands. The gauzy fabric of her long sleeves and scarves fluttered, and I could smell the alcohol on her breath as she draped her arms over my shoulders.
	"Wait!" I quickly took a step back.
	The young woman blinked at me with wide eyes. "What's wrong? Do you want me to sing you a song first? But I've been singing songs all night and have gotten bored-"
	"I'm not a 'Young Master,'" I said firmly.
	The young woman stared at me for a moment before bursting into giggles. She raised one of her long sleeves to her mouth as she laughed. "I know. I knew you were a woman the moment you stepped into my room." She took a step forward and reached out with a graceful hand for my robe.
	I took another step back. It was now or never. And if the woman in front of me wasn't who I was looking for . . . 
      "Yuxin," I said desperately as I searched her face. "It's me!"
	The young woman froze, her entire demeanor changing almost instantly. She stared at me as if seeing me for the first time. "Bunny?" she whispered. "Is that you?"

    Chapter Ten

      "Yuxin!" I let out a sob as I dropped to my knees. The cup of wine slipped from my hand, and I burst into tears. "It really is you!"
      "There, there"-Yuxin crouched down in alarm-"don't cry."
      I sniffled as Yuxin wrapped her arms around me. "Yuxin, I'm not dreaming, am I?" I finally drew away to look at her. "What happened to you? Why are you here?"
      Yuxin continued to look at me in disbelief. "Bunny . . ."
      I jumped to my feet and took Yuxin by the hand. "Quick, we need to get out of this awful place!"
      Yuxin sat there on the floor as I tried and failed to pull her to her feet. "I can't leave. Me and all the other women belong to Madam Qin. If we try to run, she'd hunt us down and sell us off to a place where we'd never see the light of day again. Only once we're out of the city walls would we truly be free from her grasp."
      "I'll get you out of the city walls." My tone was more confident than I felt.
      "Unless you have enough money to buy my freedom, I don't think there's anything you can do either."
      I reluctantly let go of Yuxin's hand. After walking over to the window, I opened it to peer outside. It was too high to jump.
      "I have an idea," I said suddenly as I fumbled with Fei Ziyi's green robe. "How about you change into my clothes and sneak out of here!"
      "But then what about you?"
      My fingers stilled over the fabric, and my shoulders slumped. "Oh." I sat on the wooden floor in defeat.
      Yuxin sat next to me and placed a gentle hand on my shoulder. "What happened to you all this time?" she asked quietly.
      "I was sold to the palace and worked as a maid there until . . ." I took a deep breath. Yuxin waited patiently for me to go on. "I worked there as a maid until I fell in love. I fell in love with a gardener. He died because of me, Yuxin. And then I got sent out of the palace to work in the mines. Except on the way, bandits attacked us, and then the other girls and I were rescued by a heroine in red."
      Yuxin blinked. "A heroine in red? Do you mean a martial artist?"
      I nodded my head vigorously. "Exactly! Since then, my friend and I have been traveling with Sister Chen and one other martial artist named Fei Ziyi."
      "Sister Chen?"
      "Chen Han," I clarified.
      Yuxin just shook her head. "I haven't heard of them."
      "Both of them seemed to know of you, though," I pointed out.
      Yuxin furrowed her brow. "Maybe they saw a performance of mine here. When I get individual customers, most of the time I don't get to know their names."
      "Yuxin," I started, but Yuxin cut me off.
      "You shouldn't call me that here," she said sadly. "Here, I'm Lady Xu Moyue."
      "I guess I should tell you that I have a second name now too. Xia Xiyan."
      "Xia . . . you decided to take my surname?"
      "We're sisters. I think it's the most fitting."
      Yuxin smiled as she nodded. "We're sisters." Then her smile faded. "I'm sorry about the gardener."
      Tears stung in my eyes. "My heart aches whenever I think about him, but the only thing I can do is move forward. I kept going, and I found you. I need to figure out how to get you out of here."
      Yuxin gracefully rose to her feet and walked over to pour a new cup of wine. After downing it, she refilled the cup and returned to me. I just blinked as she held the cup out for me to take.
      "I've never drank before," I admitted. "I'm not sure if it's a good idea."
      Yuxin shrugged her shoulders and drank the cup's contents herself.
      "Are you drunk?" I asked hesitantly.
      Yuxin offered me a faint smile. "No. I sobered up when you called out my name."
      As I looked up at Yuxin, I noticed another paper talisman fluttering above the window. "Are there really ghosts here?" I whispered.
      Yuxin smiled and shook her head as she followed my gaze. "Madam Qin knows that she's running a dirty business. This is a manifestation of her own superstitions and paranoia. While I do secretly hope this place will be burned to the ground, if it falls, I fall along with it. A girl like me has no future."
      "You will have a future," I said determinedly. Then I sighed. "I should go ask my friends how to get you out of here." I rose to my feet but paused to look back at Yuxin. "But I don't want to leave you here either."
      "Wait," Yuxin said softly. "Now that we've finally had the chance to meet again, let me play a song for you. Now that we've finally met again, I'm selfish and want to keep you here a little longer." I watched her retrieve her lute, pull up one of the chairs from the table, and take a seat. "I've been composing this song. It isn't finished yet, but I'll play it only for you."
      Yuxin sang the melody and plucked the strings. I was captivated by the music. When she finished the song, I stared at her in awe. "You learned to play the lute?"
      She sighed softly. "I learned how to play multiple musical instruments here. I didn't have much of a choice. When I first started learning, I was forced to practice until my fingers bled. Madam Qin is known for making even the most stubborn of girls into the perfect entertainers. She breaks us down bit by bit and then finally pieces us back together in the image she wants. And now look how profitable we are." I opened my mouth in horror, but Yuxin just smiled sadly. "You shouldn't stay here."
      "Wait for me," I whispered as I reluctantly made my way to the door.
      After opening the doors, I snuck a final glance back over my shoulder. I was worried that I had imagined the entire thing, that my eyes were playing tricks on me, that the smoke in the air had gotten to my head. But Yuxin was still there. I carefully closed the door before hurrying back down the hallway.
      When I arrived at the hotel, I felt as if I were about to collapse. "How did it go?" Weiwei asked as she quickly hurried over to me.
      "Lady Xu is her," I said breathlessly.
      Chen Han beamed. "That's great, then!"
      I tugged my hair out of its topknot. "I just don't know how to get her out of there. I-" I started. "Sister Chen, is there any way we can sneak her out? Could you or Fei Ziyi carry her safely out the window?"
      "Carrying her out the window isn't a problem," the heroine in red said thoughtfully. "The real problem is how to carry her out without the people on the streets noticing. If they do see, then we're all in trouble, and getting out of the city will be a lot more difficult."
      I walked over to the hotel window to look out at the street. Even in the middle of the night, it was still bustling. I frowned slightly. "There isn't some sort of curfew?"
      "Not in this area."
      "Maybe the window isn't the best way to go," Weiwei pointed out.
      I slumped against the wall. "Let's keep thinking of ways, then."
      Weiwei stepped forward to help me change out of Fei Ziyi's robe. "Fei Ziyi went out drinking, but he should be back soon."
      Shortly after the words left her mouth, there was a knock on the door. Chen Han went to get it, and Fei Ziyi joined us in the room. The heroine in red wrinkled her nose. "You smell like you've been drinking too much."
      When Chen Han turned away from him, Fei Ziyi just wrapped his arms around her from behind. "I was wrong. Next time I won't get so drunk."
      Chen Han just sighed. "That's what you said the last time. And the time before that. And countless times before that. Where were you when I needed you to back me up in the fight?"
      Fei Ziyi just grinned at her from over her shoulder. "I'm here now, aren't I? I'll always come back to the woman I love."
      Chen Han didn't protest as Fei Ziyi brushed his lips against her neck. "You're too late," she said quietly.
      Instead of responding, Fei Ziyi kissed Chen Han passionately. Weiwei and I looked on in surprise as Chen Han kissed him back. When the two of them drew apart, Chen Han helped Fei Ziyi take a seat at the table. Once he was seated, Fei Ziyi rested his head on the table and was asleep in seconds.
      "Are the two of you lovers?" I asked, wide-eyed.
      "We were once," Chen Han said as she regained her composure.
      "If you're not anymore," Weiwei said with a frown, "why do you still kiss?"
      Chen Han just smirked. "Even if I don't love him the same way I used to, when it's just the two of us traveling together, it gets boring when we're at odds for too long."
      I opened my mouth to respond, but a yawn came out instead.
      Chen Han's smile softened. "You should try and get some sleep. It's been a long journey."
      "Why are you helping us so much?" Weiwei asked as she followed me over to the bed.
      "Martial artists are honorable," the heroine in red said simply. "And I want to help people out the same way my master helped me."
      
~
      
      When night fell the following evening, I put on Fei Ziyi's green robe and walked into the brothel again. Fei Ziyi came in after me in a new set of robes, and the two of us were both escorted to the waiting area to wait for our turns to see Lady Xu.
      I had to wait at least a couple of hours before I was finally called. I jumped up from my seat and hurried up the stairs.
      When I reached the room, I quickly pushed the doors open. "Yuxin," I whispered through the smoky haze. "I'm here to get you out!"
      "Bunny!" Yuxin's voice greeted me, and a moment later she emerged from behind the screen, her skirts fluttering in her wake.
      I hurried over to the open window and waved into the night. A moment later, Chen Han leaped into the room in a flurry of crimson fabric.
      "You!" Yuxin blinked at Chen Han.
      Chen Han smirked as she flipped her long ponytail over her shoulder. "Greetings, Lady Xu."
      "Do the two of you know each other?" I asked as I looked back and forth between the two.
      Yuxin fanned herself with a silken fan. "I didn't know your name was Chen Han."
      "And I didn't know you had a sister," Chen Han responded in amusement.
      "We're going to get you out of here," I said quietly as I hurried to Yuxin. "You'll change into the robe I'm wearing and then walk out of here as me. No one stopped me all this time. I'm confident no one will recognize you. Don't worry about me. I have a way to leave after you. Sister Chen will meet you outside and take you to our meeting place."
      Yuxin slowly nodded her head. "Alright."
      Chen Han sat Yuxin down on one of the chairs at the table. I took off Fei Ziyi's robe, then watched as Chen Han wiped off Yuxin's heavy makeup before skillfully applying new makeup to completely change her features.
      I applauded the heroine in red when she took a step back to admire her work. "Sister Chen, it's perfect!"
      Chen Han flipped her hair over her shoulder. "Of course it is."
      After helping Yuxin change out of her gauzy skirts and into my outfit, I took Yuxin's hands. "Be careful," I whispered. "I'll see you outside."
      Yuxin nodded and gave my hands a reassuring squeeze. Once she slipped out the door, Chen Han leaped back out the window, and I was left alone in the now silent room. I paced back and forth in front of the window, occasionally glancing out at the glowing city beyond.
      Before long, there was a knock at the door. "It's me," Fei Ziyi's voice called.
      I let out a breath of relief I hadn't realized I was holding in as Fei Ziyi stepped inside. After he gave me his robe to change into as we had planned, I quickly made my way toward the exit. When I reached the door, I turned back to Fei Ziyi. "You remember the plan, right? All you need to do is pretend to be passed out when people come to check on the room."
      Fei Ziyi just nodded as he took a seat at the table and poured himself a cup of wine.
      After leaving the brothel, I returned to our hotel room to find that Chen Han had already escorted Yuxin inside. Yuxin was sitting on the bed, and she smiled as I hurried over to her. "You were right! In the midst of all the haze, no one gave me a second glance. I'm afraid that it won't take Madam Qin long to realize I'm missing, though. If we don't leave tonight, tomorrow morning the streets will be swarming with her spies."
      "We just need to wait for Ziyi to get back," Chen Han reassured her. "Then we can leave."
      I blinked as I looked around the room. "Where's Weiwei?"
      Chen Han winked. "I asked her to run an errand for me."
      We didn't have to wait long before the door opened and Weiwei stepped into the room. She was carrying a tray of snacks and set it down on the table. "I bought what you asked for. I'll start wrapping them up for our journey out of the capital."
      When she finished, Weiwei wiped her hands on her skirts before turning to Yuxin. "I don't think I introduced myself yet. My name's Hu Qiuwei, but you can call me Weiwei like Xiyan does if you'd like."
      Yuxin gracefully dipped her head. "I'm Xia Yuxin."
      "I met Weiwei in the palace," I explained. "If it wasn't for her, I don't think I would have been able to survive there as long as I did."
      Yuxin inclined her head again in Weiwei's direction. "I have to thank you for looking out for my sister."
      After I changed my clothes and fixed my hair, the three of us sat there in the hotel room, waiting for Fei Ziyi to return. We waited and waited and waited. The sun began to rise, and yet there was still no sign of him.
      Chen Han rose to her feet, frowning. "That's it. I'm going looking for him," she said.
      I worriedly turned to Weiwei once the heroine in red left. "Do you think something happened to him? Do you think he was accused of abducting Lady Xu and was taken away by guards?"
      Weiwei shook her head. "That wouldn't make any sense. Besides, they have no proof that Fei Ziyi is related to Lady Xu's disappearance."
      "Do you think they took him away for questioning, then? He would be the last person who was alone with Lady Xu, after all."
      We didn't have to wait long before there was a knock on the door.
      "It's me," Chen Han's voice called.
      I rushed over to throw the door open. The heroine in red stood in the doorway with a very wasted Fei Ziyi leaning against her for support.
      "What happened?" Weiwei asked quickly as she hurried over to help Chen Han drag Fei Ziyi inside.
      Chen Han shook her head. "We told him to pretend to be passed out, remember? Turns out he really did pass out. No one could seem to wake him up either." Then she added, irritably, "The brothel has probably been alerted by now."
      Fei Ziyi looked over at Chen Han. "We want money, don't we? How about we return her?"
      Chen Han ignored him. "Let's get out of here before it's too late."
      Before I knew it, I was walking down the packed streets with Chen Han and Yuxin at my side. For the sake of not attracting attention, Chen Han had swapped her vibrant red robes for a plain dress. Fei Ziyi and Weiwei walked about ten paces in front of us in the hopes that we could avoid attracting attention in smaller groups.
      We walked for hours, and just when we were nearing the city gate, what I feared would happen finally came to pass.
      "Young Lady," a voice called. I slowly glanced over my shoulder to find a group of men walking toward us. "Yes, you," the man said. All the men were looking at me. Since Yuxin was still dressed in men's clothing and her features hidden behind a layer of makeup, she hadn't caught their attention-yet.
      Chen Han caught my eye, but I just motioned for her to take Yuxin ahead.
      I slowed my pace so Chen Han and Yuxin could pass me up before turning around to face the number of men now standing in front of me.
      "I've heard that Lady Xu Moyue, the second most beautiful woman in Jingcheng, has gone missing. We can't let such a famed young woman vanish from our city now, can we? So here we are watching the gates."
      "I'm sorry," I said with a lot more confidence than I felt. "I'm not Lady Xu."
      "That's exactly what a runaway would say," one of the men said with an unpleasant smile.
      "I'm not Lady Xu," I said again. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched Chen Han and Yuxin make their way through the crowded streets and toward the line of people leaving the city gates.
      "When you look closely, she does look a bit different than Lady Xu," another one of the men said as he looked me up and down. "Madam Qin invited us to see Lady Xu dance before. I don't think they're the same person."
      "We should take her back with us just in case," the first man decided. "If she really isn't Lady Xu, then at least we've gotten Madam Qin another pretty young woman, and we can continue our search."
      Just before they could step forward, there was a cry from behind me. "Help! My brother is dying!" I recognized Weiwei's voice immediately as I whirled toward the sound. At the sound of her cries, a crowd of people began to gather, and in the confusion I managed to escape into the mob. I hurried toward the city gates. Once I joined the line to exit, I tugged my hair out of its braid and kept my head down until I passed through.
      I found Chen Han and Yuxin waiting for me outside. "What happened?" Chen Han asked. I could see the concern in her eyes as she looked me over for injuries. "I was just about to go back for you."
      "Weiwei caused a scene," I said. I felt light headed. "Then I managed to escape."
      After concluding that I was unharmed, the heroine in red motion for us to follow her. "We shouldn't stick around here. There's a small town a couple of hours away from here. Ziyi and I always pass through there whenever we leave the capital. He'll know where to find us."

    Chapter Eleven

	The walk along the wide dirt road went smoothly. By the time Chen Han led us to one of the wine houses in the small town, my legs ached to the point where each step became an effort.
	We didn't have to wait more than an hour before Fei Ziyi and Weiwei showed up.
	"Xiyan!" Weiwei excitedly hurried over to me.
	Chen Han just folded her arms over her chest as Fei Ziyi took the vacant seat next to her. "If you had stayed in that brothel any longer, we would have been caught."
	Fei Ziyi looked up at Chen Han. "We're out of the city now, aren't we?"
	Chen Han leveled him a look. "If it wasn't for Weiwei, Xia Xiyan would have been kidnapped."
	Fei Ziyi scowled, fanning himself with his paper fan. "Hu Qiuwei punched me in the stomach and yelled to everyone that I was dying."
	"You'd be more convincing that way," Weiwei said unapologetically.
	"Maybe we should have left you in the brothel altogether," Chen Han said distastefully.
	Fei Ziyi handed Chen Han a cup of liquor. "Here. Take this as my apology."
	Chen Han scoffed but took the cup anyway. Then she turned to Weiwei, Yuxin, and me. "Where are the three of you going to go now?" 
	"I don't know," I admitted. "I don't think we'll be returning to Jingcheng for a long time, though." I turned to glance over at Yuxin. "Maybe we'll find a small town and start over. The three of us know how to do laundry. Maybe we can start a laundry business and make a living."
	Yuxin rested her chin on her hands. "A laundry business? We're free now. We can do anything we want, and you want to start a laundry business?"
	"What's wrong with a laundry business?" Weiwei asked.
	Yuxin let out a sigh. "We tried a laundry business in the past."
	"We were young back then," I pointed out.
	"We were young back then," Yuxin agreed. "We were young, and we didn't know how the world worked."
	"So then what do you propose we do?"
	Yuxin rose to her feet, then bowed deeply to Chen Han and Fei Ziyi. "I want to join the martial arts world. Please take me as your disciple."
	Chen Han coughed. "You want to join the martial arts world? You should know that martial artists often don't live long."
	"I know." Yuxin continued to bow. "Please take me as your disciple."
	I rose to my feet to stand next to Yuxin. Holding my hands in front of me, I bowed as well. "Please take me as a disciple too."
	"And me," Weiwei added as she joined us.
	Chen Han exchanged a glance with Fei Ziyi. "There was a reason our master was reluctant to take students," she said slowly.
	"Then why did he decide to take the two of you?" Yuxin questioned.
	Chen Han sighed. "The two of us didn't have futures to begin with. Our master took us in out of pity."
	I looked up at the heroine in red. "What do you mean?"
	"Take Fei Ziyi, for example. He's actually the son of a well-off family in Jingcheng. Or at least he was before his entire family was killed. He was only four years old at the time and would have been killed too if our master hadn't been drawn to the sound of fighting. Even though my master agreed that Ziyi's family deserved what they got, he also believed that a four-year-old child didn't deserve to die for a mistake his parents had made."
	"If you don't mind me asking," Weiwei said quietly, "what exactly did his parents do wrong?"
	Fei Ziyi answered, "They worked for the government and found they could make even more money by selling classified information to enemy states. When the emperor found out, he ordered them and every generation of their family to be executed for treason. So even now as I live in the world under a different name, I'm still and will always be the son of the treasonous family who nearly brought harm to our empire."
	"Your parents," I started timidly, "they really sold information? They weren't framed?"
	Fei Ziyi shook his head. "When I was old enough, I went to investigate myself. I was convinced my family had been set up, and I would stop at nothing to avenge them. I thought they were righteous. But in the end, the harsh and inescapable truth was that they had betrayed the country for their own greed. In the end, I realized I really didn't know them at all."
	I waited for Fei Ziyi to go on, but he just poured himself another cup of liquor.
	After a moment of silence, Weiwei turned to Chen Han and softly asked, "What about you?" 
	"My story isn't nearly as interesting," Chen Han said mildly. "I was born to a poor family, and it was difficult to get enough food for the three of us. My father tried to sell me, but no one in my village had any money either. So eventually he kicked me out of the house and forbade me to come back. I had nearly starved to death in the snow when our master found me."
	Weiwei dropped her gaze. "My own father sold me for two bags of rice."
	Chen Han let out a sigh. "The three of you really want to become my disciples?" After we nodded determinedly, she sighed again. "I can teach you martial arts. But once you know enough to protect yourselves, you should leave the martial arts world. You still have a future. You don't have to die an early death. For now, I'll grant your wishes and take you as my students."
	"Should we call you 'Master Chen' now?" I asked eagerly.
	Chen Han held up a hand. "Please don't. 'Sister Chen' is fine."
	Yuxin turned to the heroine in red. "When did your late master start teaching you martial arts?"
	Chen Han flashed her a knowing smile. "Ziyi and I have been learning ever since we were children. Now, we should probably start heading off before we lose him."
	I turned to look over at Fei Ziyi, who was nodding in and out of consciousness. "Good call."

~
 
	The five of us journeyed together for three long weeks before we finally arrived at a secluded residence. When Chen Han pushed open the wooden doors, I eagerly hurried forward with Weiwei and Yuxin at my side. I looked around in awe at the courtyard in front of me. Even though it was overgrown, and the paint on the walls was beginning to peel, there was something peaceful about it.
	Chen Han smiled at our energy. "Follow me. I'll show you inside."
	The three of us eagerly trailed after the heroine in red as she led us toward the wooden building at the back of the yard. "How long has it been since you've been back here?" Yuxin asked as she looked around the interior of the building with wide eyes.
	"Ziyi and I haven't been back for around a year," Chen Han said absently. "This was our master's home. He left it to the two of us." We followed her up a flight of steps and then through a doorway into a dusty room. "This is where the three of you will stay."
	Weiwei hurried over to the window and excitedly pushed it open. I joined her and leaned out to look at the foggy landscape beyond. The way the green and gray blended together was almost like a painting.
	When I turned back around, I realized that the only piece of furniture in the room was a small table sitting in the center. "This used to be my room when I was younger," Chen Han explained. "After my master passed, I cleared everything out. All the furniture is in the shed out back, though. We'll head down there later, and the three of you can pick out what you want."
	After leaving the room, Chen Han led us down the rest of the hall. "On the far end is my master's room. And then around the corner is the room Ziyi and I share. There's the study next to the main room down downstairs. The kitchen is on the ground floor as well."
	Weiwei, Yuxin, and I spent the rest of the daylight hours setting up our room. We picked out a couple of furniture pieces from the shed and worked together to haul them up the stairs.
	By the time we finished with the room, the sun had dropped from the hazy sky outside, and night had embraced the world. I stood proudly by the door with Weiwei and Yuxin as the three of us admired our work. We hadn't been able to find any beds, so we had set up makeshift ones on the floor with the blankets we had found.
	It didn't take long before the three of us were lying next to each other. Weiwei was on my left, and Yuxin was on my right.
	I wasn't sure when I had fallen asleep, but when my eyes flickered open, I was greeted by the darkness. I shuddered slightly as a chilly wind brushed against my skin. Noticing that the window was open, I slowly sat up. Weiwei was still fast asleep, but Yuxin was nowhere to be found.
	I rose to my feet, careful not to disturb Weiwei, and tiptoed across the room to the window. I found Yuxin standing on the ledge outside, leaning against the railing as she gazed up at the cloudy night sky.
	"Bunny," Yuxin greeted me without turning around.
	"Can't sleep?" I asked softly as I climbed over to her. "Do you want to talk about it?"
	Yuxin's inky hair fluttered in the wind. "After everything that happened, I just can't believe I'm finally free. After we were separated, for the first year, I would cry each night. Every time I tried to run away, I was never successful. When I first became a full-fledged prostitute, that first year, I cried every night too. But then one day, even when I lay bruised and broken on the floor, I couldn't cry anymore."
	"What happened?" I whispered.
	"I had come to accept that my fate was no longer mine," Yuxin said simply as she turned to face me. "I remember being stubborn at the start and refusing to work. But if we didn't work, we wouldn't get food to eat. I went hungry for days. That was only at the start, though. Now everyone in Jingcheng knows my name. I made them adore me. Believe it or not, I almost got a taste of freedom once. But fate is a cruel thing. I thought I'd be trapped there forever, and then you showed up."
	I placed a hand on Yuxin's shoulder.
	"What about you and the gardener?" she asked as she rested her arms on the wooden railing.
	I smiled wistfully as I looked up at the sky. "I really loved him. Yuxin, tell me, would it have been for the best if I never told him that I loved him? That way he'd still be alive, and I'd still be a maid in the palace."
	"If you were still a maid in the palace," Yuxin said softly, "the two of us wouldn't have had the chance to meet again."
	"Yuxin," I sniffed, "I don't know what to feel. I know I should be happy about our reunion, and I am, but even now, I just feel so lost."
	Yuxin offered me a faint smile. "Life is unpredictable. Don't completely blame yourself."
	I just shook my head as I wrapped my arms around her. "I've missed you."
	"I've missed you too."
	After I finally drew away, I decided to ask, "What do you think of Sister Chen and Fei Ziyi? You seemed to know Sister Chen. How did you know her?"
	"Sister Chen visited me a handful of times at the brothel," Yuxin said thoughtfully. "Apparently, she was meeting informants there. As for Fei Ziyi, when I would dance, I remember seeing his face in the audience. From what they told us that day when we left Jingcheng, I think their pasts sound plausible. And Sister Chen . . . I think she's gone through a lot more than she's letting on."
	"What do you mean?"
	Yuxin frowned. "You probably don't know this, but she has a deep scar that runs across her entire abdomen. It doesn't seem like the kind of wound one would get in a fight either."
	"Are you sure she didn't injure herself in a fight?"
	"I'm positive," Yuxin said seriously. "I've seen a lot of different types of scars. With Sister Chen, I get the feeling it's almost like someone tried to cut her stomach open."
	I shuddered. "I think it's probably for the best if we don't bring this up with her. That's her own private matter."
	The two of us stood outside in silence for a few more minutes before turning and climbing back into our room through the window. Weiwei was still fast asleep when we rolled into bed.
	I lay there thinking for a while, and I could tell Yuxin was lying awake as well.

~

	In the morning, the three of us were woken by a knock on the door.
	Chen Han stood in the doorway, her red robes starkly contrasted against the thick morning fog. "Help yourself to breakfast downstairs, and then we'll begin our first day of training."
	Weiwei, Yuxin, and I made quick work of changing into the new clothes Chen Han had brought up for us the previous day. I tied my hair back into a high ponytail, then the three of us hurried downstairs in matching outfits. After a quick breakfast, we found Chen Han waiting for us in the yard outside. The air was crisp and cold, and the grass was covered in dew.
	"I can be a lenient teacher if you want me to be," Chen Han said as she placed a hand on her hip. "I can also be a strict teacher. I know that the three of you have no experience in martial arts, and it isn't my intention to torture you with intensive training. But if you want to learn, and if you're willing to put in the effort, I can assure you that with me as your teacher, you will make progress."
	Yuxin bowed. "I want to learn."
	I bowed as well. "Me too."
	"And me," Weiwei added.
	A smile tugged at the corners of Chen Han's red-painted lips. "Then let's begin."

~

	By the time we broke for lunch, I was already in pain. My body and mind ached, and my hair was plastered to my head with sweat. Weiwei and Yuxin were in similar conditions; the former had flopped onto the ground, and the latter was still breathing heavily.
	During our training session, the fog had cleared up to reveal the pale blue sky. "I don't know if I can do this," Weiwei said from where she was still laying on the grass.
	I tiredly pulled Weiwei to her feet. "Come on, let's go get something to eat."
	Yuxin looked around the yard as we followed Chen Han back into the wooden building. "Where's Fei Ziyi?"
	"Ziyi?" Chen Han echoed absently. "He's probably still sleeping upstairs."
	"Does he always sleep until lunch?" Yuxin asked, unamused.
	Chen Han just sighed as we sat at the table inside. "At night, when he's not with me, he's drinking. Then he sleeps until lunch, suffers from hangovers until the sun goes down, and then he's drinking again."
	"He does seem a little pitiful," I said quietly.
	Chen Han nodded as she helped herself to the plates of food laid out on the table.
	"Fei Ziyi must have been different when your master was still alive," Yuxin mused.
	"He was," Chen Han said as she poured herself a cup of liquor. "Even though he always liked to drink, he was different back then. After he went to investigate his family, and then after our master was killed . . . well, he wasn't quite the same."
	"If you don't mind me asking," Weiwei whispered, "how did your master die?"
	"A few of the larger martial art sects were clashing at the time," Chen Han explained as she ran a finger over the rim of her porcelain cup. "A rumor spread that my master had joined the fight, and one of the sects decided to take him out."
	I stared at her. "Who spread the rumor?"
	"Ziyi and I investigated. It was a few members from the losing sect. Apparently, they thought if they used my master's name, they could intimidate their enemy. My master was never interested in joining a sect because of the petty conflicts and cut-throat competition between them, but he was hunted down anyway."
	I turned to Yuxin with wide eyes. "When we met Hero Wu, he told us that he wasn't anyone special. I didn't know he was that powerful."
	"My master was a humble man," Chen Han said wistfully. "He taught Ziyi and me to be humble and help those less fortunate than we are. He was never strict with either of us, but he was firm and always made his principles known."
	"Why was he buried on that mountain?" Weiwei asked. "Why not here where you could visit him every day?"
	"My master told Ziyi and me that when he died, he wanted that hill to be his final resting place. He thought it was peaceful there."
	In the afternoon, we trained some more, and by the time it was time for dinner, the sun had dropped from the sky. The clouds returned and threatened rain on the horizon. After Weiwei, Yuxin, and I took turns in the bath, we shuffled back to our room.
	"Maybe if it rains tomorrow, we won't have to train as vigorously," Yuxin said hopefully as she brushed her damp hair over her shoulder.
	I elbowed Yuxin halfheartedly. "Weren't you the one who said you wanted to learn martial arts?"
	 "I do." Then she sighed and said, "Xiyan, do you remember that story of the female hero who defeats the demon? Even after all these years, is it silly of me to hope that I might still be her?"
	I shook my head and smiled. "I don't think it's silly at all."
	Weiwei looked back and forth between the two of us. "I think I'm missing something. What female hero are you talking about?"
	"I heard a story once," Yuxin said wistfully as she walked over to prop the window open. Pattering rain grew louder as she leaned against the window frame. Staring out at the misty night, Yuxin recalled the tale. "There was a story that a demon would appear in the world, and a female hero would rise up to stop it from doing evil. The female hero is said to be a girl with a cursed fate . . ." she trailed off.
	I stepped over to Yuxin and wrapped an arm around her. "I believe in you. If you want to be the hero, I'll support you. And who knows? Maybe there's more than one female hero. I think you and Sister Chen would make a great team."
	"But then what about you?"
	"Me?" I let out a laugh. "All I want is a simple life."
	Yuxin giggled as she climbed into bed. "I see you haven't changed at all."

~

	The next few weeks of training with Chen Han were just as grueling as the first, but we always put in our best effort. By the end of the first month, I found that the exercises we ran through were less tiring. And by the end of the third month, Chen Han decided it was time to have the three of us try out practicing with swords.
	She handed us wooden swords, smiling. "I think you girls are ready for the basics. Ziyi better start practicing again, or he'll find himself being outshined."
	I looked over at the wooden building at the back of the yard. "Sometimes I forget that Fei Ziyi is living here with us. It's like he's almost nonexistent."
	Chen Han sighed as she drew her blade. "Anyways, watch carefully. If you have any questions when I'm done, make sure to ask them."
	That night, the four of us sat around the table for dinner. Chen Han was watching Yuxin with a faint smile. Yuxin noticed her gaze and looked at her, bewildered. "Sister Chen?"
      "You're very different from the persona that was Lady Xu Moyue," Chen Han commented. "I like this version of you better-the version who chooses her own path and is true to herself."
	Yuxin's smile was genuine. "Me too."

~

      The next evening, I had just finished my bath when a fragrant scent wafted up from the kitchen. I made my way downstairs to find Chen Han sitting alone at the table with a bowl of noodles in front of her.
      I slid into the seat across the table from her. "Today's your birthday?"
      Chen Han nodded as she offered me a smile. "Ziyi forgot again." Even though she was smiling, there was something sad behind her eyes.
      "You made the noodles yourself?"
      Chen Han nodded again. "Ziyi and I used to make them for our master every year. He would make them for us too."
      "Fei Ziyi might have forgotten," I said as I gave the heroine a small smile, "but I'll remember. From now on, I'll make you birthday noodles each year."
      Chen Han really did smile this time. "Thank you, Xiyan. When's your birthday? From now on, I'll make you a bowl of noodles on your birthday."
      I hummed. "I don't know when my birthday is. Whenever Yuxin's birthday is, that can be my birthday too. I'll go upstairs to get Yuxin and Weiwei. The four of us can celebrate your birthday together."

    Chapter Twelve

	Over the next couple of months, I noticed myself gradually improving during our training sessions. As the weeks passed, the rainy season was quickly upon us, and our training sessions were considerably shortened. While we had tried to convince Chen Han that we were fine practicing outside in the rain, she didn't want to take any chances with us catching a cold.
	Some nights, as the rain pattered away outside, I would lie wide awake in the dark between Weiwei and Yuxin. I would stare up at the ceiling, thinking of Shen Fanghuan until I burst into tears. When that happened, Weiwei or Yuxin would wake up and comfort me.
	But tonight, after making sure that the two of them were still fast asleep, I carefully climbed out of bed and made my way over to the window. Then after gently pushing it open, I leaned against the frame and looked out. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something red fluttering in the cool breeze.
	I pushed the window open further and climbed over the ledge. My feet landed on the walkway that surrounded the entire second story.
	"Sister Chen!" I whispered as my eyes fell on the figure illuminated in silver moonlight.
	Chen Han turned around to face me. Her hair wasn't in its usual ponytail; instead, it fluttered around her in the wind. She smiled faintly. "Looks like someone found me."
	I hurried over to her. "What are you doing out here? You'll catch a cold! It's still raining-what if the rain blows in?"
	Chen Han shook her head. "It's fine, really."
	"What are you doing out here?" I asked timidly.
	The heroine in red gave me a knowing look. "I don't sleep, remember?"
	I furrowed my brow. "How can you not sleep? Everyone needs to sleep."
	I took a step closer to her. Her face was completely bare from the makeup she normally wore, and the circles beneath her eyes were uncannily prominent.
	"Are you always out here at night?" I asked worriedly.
	"Not always."
	I took Chen Han by the arm and made to lead her toward the stairs. "Come with me to the kitchen-maybe we can make something to help you sleep." She didn't move, and I looked at her with wide eyes.
	Chen Han just shook her head. "It won't work. Over the years, I've tried everything that I could. My master took me to see a doctor when I was younger, and the doctor was adamant that my condition couldn't be fixed with medicine."
	I inhaled sharply. "Insomnia?"
	"You could say so," Chen Han said mildly. "If I'm being honest, some days I feel so tired and lethargic that I can't do anything. If I was attacked at a time like that, I'd be a goner."
	"Does Fei Ziyi know about this?"
	"It's hard to say." Chen Han just smiled sadly. "Don't worry about me. I've already tried everything that might help. You should go back to bed. If it isn't raining, tomorrow we might head to the town together to restock our food supply."
	I sighed. "Alright."
      Weiwei and Yuxin were still asleep when I climbed through the window, and I quietly returned to my spot between them. In the morning, I shook my companions awake.
	"I have something I need your advice on," I said as I looked between Weiwei and Yuxin.
	"What is it?" Yuxin asked, still blinking sleep from her eyes.
	I motioned for them to lean in close as I lowered my voice. "I think Sister Chen has insomnia. She can't sleep at night. Last night I saw her without her makeup, and she has circles this big under her eyes!"
	"That would explain why she doesn't sleep," Weiwei said faintly.
	I sighed sadly. "Sister Chen's done so much for us already. If there's something we can do to help her in return . . ."
	Yuxin suddenly perked up. "Yesterday, Sister Chen mentioned that if the rain stops today, she'll take us to the marketplace. Maybe there we can look around for some sort of medicine."
	"She told me that she's already tried everything that could possibly be helpful," I said heavily. "She's probably tried all those medicines before."
	"Then what can we do?" Weiwei asked.
	I frowned thoughtfully. "The three of us will think of something. Maybe we could ask Fei Ziyi for help?"
	"Fei Ziyi?" Yuxin let out a laugh. "What do you think he could do?"
	"I still think we should ask him."
	Weiwei rose to her feet. "I can go with you."
	I stood up and looked at Yuxin. "Would you mind keeping Sister Chen away from the room she shares with Fei Ziyi for a few minutes? If she finds out that we want to help her, I don't think she'll let us."
	Yuxin nodded. "I can do that."
	After the three of us changed and tied up our hair, Yuxin left first to find Chen Han. Once we could hear the sound of the two of them talking downstairs, Weiwei and I hurried down the hall. We came to a stop in front of the door to the room Chen Han shared with Fei Ziyi. Then after exchanging another glance with Weiwei, I gently knocked on the door.
	There was no response.
	Squaring my shoulders, I knocked again, louder this time.
	"Who is it?" Fei Ziyi's voice called.
	"Xia Xiyan," I answered. "And Weiwei. We're sorry for waking you up, but we want to ask you a question regarding Sister Chen."
	I nearly jumped backward as the door slid open. Fei Ziyi stood in the doorway. Even though there was a lazy smile on his face, there was something almost serious in his eyes. "What happened to her?"
	"Do you know about her insomnia?" I asked quietly. "When I saw her without any makeup last night, she looked sickly."
	Fei Ziyi blinked. "Insomnia? She's sick?"
	Weiwei frowned. "So you don't know."
	Fei Ziyi glanced over our heads as if checking to make sure no one was around, then invited us into the room.
	I cautiously stepped over the threshold, and Weiwei quietly slid the wooden door closed behind us. I glanced around the room as I followed Fei Ziyi over to the small table off to the side. I wasn't sure what I had expected, but the room was fairly empty. If it weren't for the messy pile of empty liquor jars in the corner and the smoke wafting up from the small incense burner near the entrance, I would have thought no one had lived in the room for a very long time.
	Fei Ziyi asked Weiwei and me to take a seat on the opposite side of the table from him, and we obliged. I glanced down at the board on the table, my eyes following the rounded black and white tiles snaking over it. When Fei Ziyi caught me looking, he just laughed and brushed the tiles off the board with a sweep of his long sleeve.
	"Go?" Weiwei asked mildly as Fei Ziyi removed the board from the table and set it to the side. "Do you play it with Sister Chen?"
	Fei Ziyi laughed again. Then his expression faltered. "I can never win against her. My pieces always seem to move around the board when I'm not looking, and I can never remember if I was the one who put them there or if she moved them."
	"Are you drunk?" I asked uncertainly.
	"What?" Fei Ziyi fanned himself with his paper fan. "Of course not!" Then he frowned, pausing. "Actually, I might be."
	"Let me get this straight," I tried again. "You don't know that Sister Chen has insomnia."
	"I don't know," he answered immediately.
	"You two share a room, though," Weiwei pointed out. "You haven't noticed at all?"
	Fei Ziyi glanced over to look at the room. "We do share a room. Come to think of it, I don't think I've seen her actually asleep recently."
	"Here's another question," I said seriously. "We know what Sister Chen thinks of you, but what do you think of Sister Chen?"
	Fei Ziyi looked up as if the answers were written on the ceiling. "I love her, of course."
	Chen Han's voice came from the doorway. "Are you sure it's me you love and not your liquor?"
	My head snapped over to watch the red heroine stride into the room, and I jumped to my feet. "Sister Chen!"
	Chen Han looked at us in amusement. "So this is where the two of you ran off to."
	Taking Chen Han by the sleeve, I tugged her toward the door. "Thank you for your time," I called over my shoulder at Fei Ziyi.
	"Sorry for bothering you," Weiwei added as she hurried after us.
	"Are we training today?" I asked as we made our way back downstairs to where Yuxin was waiting for us at the table.
	"The rain stopped," Chen Han observed. "I think we'll be able to go to the marketplace after all."
	I glanced back at the stairs. "Is Fei Ziyi coming along?"
	Chen Han just waved a hand. "I don't think so. If we hurry, we might be able to beat the rain."
	The marketplace was about an hour's walk from the residence, and the road we walked was empty. The surrounding world was painted in green and gray. A thick fog shrouded everything, and mud splashed beneath our shoes. Chen Han led the way while Weiwei, Yuxin, and I trailed behind her. The three of us chatted, and the journey itself, while damp and cold, was lively.
	By the time we arrived at the small town, it had begun to drizzle, and the sun showed no sign of emerging through the heavy blanket of clouds.
	"Quick!" Chen Han motioned for us to follow her into one of the shops. Warmth washed over me the moment we stepped over the threshold, and I absently reached up to brush strands of my damp hair out of my eyes. With the heat radiating from the back of the room and the weapons hanging on the walls, I quickly concluded we were in a blacksmith's shop.
	Chen Han smirked as she straightened her crimson robes. She strode over to the door at the back of the shop and knocked on it with the back of her hand. "Customers are here," she called as she leaned against the frame.
	"Chen Han?" a voice called from the other side of the wood. The heroine casually took a step back before the door swung open. A middle-aged man stood in the doorway, grinning through his thick beard.
	Chen Han looked up at him. "Greetings. I hope you've been well."
	"How many years has it been now since you've paid my shop a visit?" the blacksmith asked as he shut the door behind him. "It feels like forever."
	"It's only been a year," Chen Han said in amusement. "Tell me, Mr. Fan, is it me that you missed, or is it my money?"
	"You, of course!" Mr. Fan replied immediately. "You think too much about it. When have I ever asked you for money? Hero Wu was my most frequent customer, and after all the money he's spent here, of course I'll let his disciples shop for free. I've practically watched you grow up." Then he blinked as he looked around the shop. "Where's Ziyi?"
	"He didn't come today," Chen Han said. "I brought my students along with me instead."
	Mr. Fan looked at Weiwei, Yuxin, and me as if he was just noticing us for the first time. "Students?" Then his face split into a smile. After bowing to each of us in turn, Mr. Fan grinned at Chen Han. "Look at you, teaching students of your own now! I should introduce myself-I'm the blacksmith in this town. You can call me Mr. Fan."
	"Mr. Fan," we chorused.
	"I've come here today because I want to have swords made for them," Chen Han said as she glanced around the shop.
	Mr. Fan nodded enthusiastically. "No problem!"
	Chen Han turned to address the three of us. "Feel free to look around while I give Mr. Fan the details and work out the price."
	"Price?" Mr. Fan protested. "For you and your students, there isn't a price!"
	After a series of arguments, Chen Han ended up giving Mr. Fan money for half the cost. Mr. Fan disappeared into the backroom, and Chen Han asked us to follow her out of the shop. The rain was coming down hard now, so she opened an umbrella and handed it to Weiwei before opening a second one for herself.
	Yuxin and I huddled on either side of Weiwei as we continued through the small town. At the marketplace, Chen Han picked out meats and vegetables. As she lingered at a cabbage stand, I caught Yuxin's eye. "Look," I whispered under my breath. "There's a medicine shop!"
	"Sister Chen has probably already tried the medicine there," Yuxin responded in equal quiet. "What are you planning to do?"
	"I think we should check it out anyway." I clutched my stomach in what I hoped was a convincing representation of pain. "Ouch! I think I have a stomach ache! Good thing there's a medicine shop across the street!"
	Chen Han turned around to look at me in surprise. "Are you alright? I can take you there-"
	"No need!" I held up a hand. "Yuxin can come with me."
	After pushing my portion of vegetables into a very surprised Weiwei's arms, I took Yuxin by the hand and hurried her across the street. We splashed through the puddles of water, and by the time we stepped into the shop, my shoes were completely soaked through.
	"Hello," I said breathlessly as I walked up to the man behind the counter.
	"Hello." The man looked down at Yuxin and me, unsure what to make of us. "Do you ladies need anything?"
	"Do you have any medicine that helps with sleep?" I asked.
	"I have a couple of things like that," the man said thoughtfully. "Let me go get them for you."
	I watched him walk out from behind the counter and make his way over to a series of boxes on the wall. As he searched for the medicine, I walked around the shop and absently ran a hand over the lids of the boxes laid out on one of the tables.
	Suddenly, Yuxin grabbed my wrist. I looked at her in surprise, my hand hovering inches away from a small wooden box.
	The owner of the shop looked over and said, "I wouldn't touch that one."
	I stared at the box apprehensively. "What's in it?"
	"That's for people who have trouble staying awake," he said as he gingerly picked up the box and placed it on a shelf above my reach. "If you accidentally expose yourself to too much of it, you won't be able to sleep for days."
	"Oh," I said.
	The shop owner pulled down a different box from the shelf. "Here. If you mix the powder in with water or tea, it should help with sleep."
	"Thank you! How much is it?"
	The man stated the price, and I turned to Yuxin expectantly.
	She passed me a handful of coins. When we finished paying, we hurried out of the shop. "I'm telling you," Yuxin said once we were outside, "Sister Chen has probably tried this already."
	"But what if she hasn't tried this one?"
	When we returned to Chen Han and Weiwei, the rain had stopped again.
	"Does your stomach feel better?" Chen Han asked with raised brows.
	I nodded my head. "Much better."
	"In that case, we should head back."
	"What about the swords?" Yuxin questioned.
	"They'll be ready on a later date," Chen Han informed her. "Now that you've met Mr. Fan, if you ever need any weaponry, you can go to him."
	Before leaving town, Chen Han led us into the medicine shop. As she spoke to the man behind the counter, he kept casting looks at Yuxin and me. The two of us shuffled around awkwardly.
	Once the three of us left the shop, Weiwei turned to Chen Han. "What did you buy?"
	"Oh, this?" Chen Han said mildly as she opened the small box to show Weiwei the assortment of round pills inside. "Birth control. Fei Ziyi is not fit to be a father, and I have no intention of being a single mother."
	Weiwei quickly looked away.
	When we returned to the residence, the rain clouds had parted, and the sun was high in the sky. "The three of you should take a bath and change clothes," Chen Han told us after we finished stocking the pantry. "Catching a cold wouldn't be ideal."
	Grabbing Weiwei with one hand and Yuxin with the other, I hurried the two of them upstairs. Once we were in our room, I pulled out the small box I had bought from the medicine shop.
	"Look"-I showed the box to Weiwei-"according to the man at the shop, this is supposed to help with sleep."
	Weiwei took the box from me and lifted the lid to look at the powdered leaves inside. "What if Sister Chen's already tried it?"
	I took the box back from her. "That's what Yuxin said too. But I want to give it a try."
	"How much do we put in?"
	"Normally with these kinds of things, a spoonful is enough," Yuxin answered thoughtfully.
	"I'll try a spoonful on myself tonight to see if it works," I declared.
	Weiwei looked to me worriedly. "Are you sure?"
	I offered her a smile. "It should be fine. Anyway, who wants to take a bath first?"

~

	That night, I sat at the small table in our room. Weiwei and Yuxin leaned over my shoulder as they watched me measure out a spoonful of powder and dissolve it into a cup of hot water. After blowing away the steam wafting up from the surface, I took a sip of the mixture.
	Yuxin watched me drink another sip. "How quick do you think the effects are?"
	I frowned faintly. "I'm not sure." After finishing the entire cup, I sat there at the table waiting for something to happen. As we waited, the three of us decided to play a word game. The night outside was cloudy, and the rain had started again.
	Nearly two hours went by before I began to feel drowsy.
	"Is it working?" Weiwei asked quickly.
	"I can't tell if it's the medicine or if I'm just sleepy," I admitted.
	Yuxin sighed. "The effects don't seem harmful, at least."
	After going to bed, I awoke in the morning to Weiwei shaking my shoulders. I had slept through the entire night without waking up.
	Weiwei helped me sit up. "How do you feel?"
	I beamed. "I feel energized! Tonight I'll try and give the medicine to Sister Chen."
	The three of us went through an entire day of training with Chen Han. And to my surprise, I was the first to master the routine she showed us. Yuxin got it shortly after me, but Weiwei continued to struggle with the movements.
	"I just can't do it," she said as she collapsed onto the grass.
	I dropped to my knees beside her. "You can do it, Weiwei! Don't give up now!"
	"I can't," Weiwei said as she stared up at the sky high above.
	I dragged Weiwei to her feet. "Come on. Let's try the routine again."
	That night, we sat around the table with Chen Han. I had gone to the kitchen to prepare the food and drinks for the night. When I handed out the teacups, I placed the one with the sleeping powder in front of the heroine in red.
	I watched Chen Han pick up the cup. She noticed me watching her, and I quickly averted my gaze.
	By the time we finished dinner, all our cups were empty. We bid Chen Han goodnight before heading upstairs to get ready for bed. "Maybe tonight Sister Chen can get some good sleep," I said after Weiwei shut the door behind us.
	After Weiwei and Yuxin had fallen asleep, I was still awake. Against my better judgment, I pushed open the window and climbed outside. I tiptoed down the walkway but stopped when I noticed the fluttering red fabric of Chen Han's robes.
	"Sister Chen!" I exclaimed in a whisper.
	Chen Han turned to face me with a faint smile on her face. "You hoped you wouldn't be seeing me out here tonight, is that correct?"
	I nodded.
	"You put the sleeping powder in the tea," Chen Han said absently. "But I've already tried it before. My master used to buy it for me."
	I just stared at her. "You knew?"
	Chen Han offered me a smile. "I know you're only trying to look out for me."
	My shoulders slumped. "You've done so much for us. I just wanted to see if there was anything I could do to help you in return."
	Chen Han sighed and looked back out at the night. "There is something you can do, actually. Would you be willing to hear me talk for a short time?"
	I agreed, surprised.
	"It's about Ziyi." Chen Han absently ran a stand of her long hair between her fingers. "The two of us used to be together seriously-that is, until things got to the point where I decided to end it."
	"I still find it difficult to believe you and Fei Ziyi were a couple," I remarked. "You're such a good person-such a proud person. And Fei Ziyi . . . what did you see in him?"
	"He used to be charming. He was fearless and calculating, skilled in both the sword and brush. Our master displayed the poems Ziyi wrote all over his study. Then he passed away, and Ziyi hasn't written since. I used to think the two of us would be heroes, traveling the martial arts world together, bringing justice to the unjust. We admired each other. I was willing to give him my heart. I gave it to him, and even now he still hasn't returned it. He still says he loves me, but each time he says it, I find it harder to believe."
	"If he still loves you, why did you end the relationship?"
	Chen Han dropped her gaze. "In fights, whenever I call for his help, he never appears. I rush to his side whenever he says my name, but when I needed him the most, he was never there. This"-she rolled up her sleeve to show me a scar on her arm-"is just one of the many scars I got for thinking I could rely on him. It's his drinking addiction that's the problem. He told me he would work on it, but in reality, he isn't willing to. After I ended our relationship, I was selfish and saw other people in the hope that he would be jealous. He just said he'll only ever love me."
	"You won't give him another chance?"
	"I gave him chances. Again, and again, and again. All I got were scars. Do you really think he deserves another one?"
	I shook my head.
	"Maybe he still does love me," Chen Han continued as she gazed into the distance, "but he never loved me the same way I love him. Part of me wants to leave him far behind and never look back. But I can't bring myself to part with him, either."
      I opened my mouth to respond, but suddenly I sneezed.
	Chen Han turned to look at me. "Have you caught a cold? Or is someone talking about you behind your back?"
	I sniffed. "Now that you've said it, I do feel a little bit congested."
	"I shouldn't have let you run around in the rain like that yesterday. I've kept you out here long enough. Come on, let's get you to bed."
	I let her lead me back to my room. After tucking in my blankets the way I imagined any older sister would do, Chen Han rose to her feet and silently exited the room.
	In the morning, as my luck would have it, I awoke with a horrible fever. I hissed as my head throbbed painfully.
	Yuxin was lying next to me, her hair plastered to her face with sweat.
      Weiwei felt the heat radiating from our foreheads. "You're burning up!"
	"I'm sorry, Yuxin," I sniffled. "I shouldn't have had us run through the rain like that."
	Yuxin coughed. "Don't worry about it. This is just a small cold, that's all."
	That day, Chen Han canceled our training and spent the morning with Weiwei looking after Yuxin and me.
	"You shouldn't stay too close," I rasped. My throat felt like sandpaper. "I don't know if this cold is contagious."
	"I've seen this kind of cold before," Chen Han reassured me. "It isn't contagious, but it does take a couple of days to go away."
	I sighed heavily and stared up at the ceiling. I thought I'd be helping to take care of Chen Han this week, but in the end, she was the one looking after us.
	That night, my fever seemed to have worsened. Even though I knew colds like this only got worse before they got better, it didn't make lying there any easier. To monitor Yuxin and me, Chen Han announced that she'd stay in our room tonight.
	"What about Fei Ziyi?" I asked hoarsely.
	Chen Han just laughed. "He'll be fine without me."
	Yuxin scooted over to make room for Chen Han to lie down between us. And so the four of us lay there in the dark, listening to the rain pattering on the roof. I wasn't completely sure when I had fallen asleep, but I awoke in the middle of the night with a painful headache.
	"Sister Chen," I whispered as I tapped her arm. "Sister Chen?"
	I slowly sat up and blinked in surprise. Chen Han had fallen asleep.

    Chapter Thirteen

	I stared at Chen Han for a long moment before slowly laying back down. My headache was suddenly much more bearable than it had been seconds ago.
      When morning came around, I gently shook Weiwei awake and pointed at Chen Han. "What do you think?" I whispered.
	Weiwei stared in bewilderment. "Do you think her lack of sleep has something to do with Fei Ziyi?"
	"I don't know." But we didn't get to discuss it more because Chen Han was beginning to stir. Her eyes fluttered open as she squinted against the light flooding in through the window.
	"Sister Chen!" I quickly helped her up. "How are you feeling?"
	The heroine in red shook her head, stunned. "I feel rested. Did I really fall asleep here?"
	I nodded energetically. "You seemed to have slept through the night."
	Yuxin sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "Good morning."
	"How do the two of you feel?" Chen Han asked weakly.
	"Much better than yesterday," I said.
	"Me too," Yuxin agreed.
	Chen Han rose to her feet and straightened her crimson robes. "If you're feeling better, we can resume training again."
	After changing clothes, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I followed Chen Han downstairs for breakfast. To our surprise, Fei Ziyi was sitting at the table, and he looked up as we stepped into the room.
	"Fei Ziyi?" Yuxin blinked at him. "It's rare to see you here. Well, it's rare to see you at all."
	Fei Ziyi just turned to look at Chen Han. "Is there liquor?"
	Chen Han sighed and turned on her heel to fetch it.
	I exchanged a look with Weiwei. "Fei Ziyi," I said quietly after glancing over my shoulder to make sure Chen Han was out of earshot. "You want to help Sister Chen with her insomnia, right?"
	"Why wouldn't I?"
	"At night, you should hug her like this." I wrapped my arms tightly around Weiwei to demonstrate.
	Fei Ziyi stared at me before letting out an amused laugh. "What-?"
	I finally let go of Weiwei. "For Sister Chen's sake, just try it."
	Chen Han reentered the room and placed a jar on the table. "Liquor is here."
	Fei Ziyi reached for the jar, but before he could grab it, Chen Han scooted it of his reach. A slight frown tugged at her painted lips. "Can I convince you not to drink today?"
	Fei Ziyi's hands fell back to his side. "Come on," he said with an exasperated smile on his face. "It's rare that I'm even up this early normally."
	"Could you not drink today?" Chen Han repeated. "I want you to teach my class today."
	Fei Ziyi burst into laughter, then he stopped when he realized Chen Han was serious. "Me? Teach a class?"
	"We have students now. And we're going to teach them."
	Fei Ziyi waved her off. "You can teach them. I don't want to." He reached for the jar of liquor again, but Chen Han moved it for a second time. Fei Ziyi's lazy smile was now replaced with a frown. "Fine." With that said, he stood and left the room.
	"You really want Fei Ziyi to teach us?" Weiwei asked as Chen Han sat down in Fei Ziyi's vacated seat.
	The heroine in red poured herself a cup of liquor and swirled the clear liquid around. "There are a number of things that he can teach better than I can. I want all of you to get the most of your training. After you finish breakfast, head outside to meet him."
	The sky was a clear blue, without a single cloud to be seen. The air was crisp and cold, and the mountains and trees in the distance were shrouded in mist.
	I found myself shivering as I stood next to Weiwei and Yuxin. Fei Ziyi stood opposite us. "So," he said. "What have you been taught so far?"
	"We learned a few routines with the wooden swords," Yuxin informed him.
	"Let's see them, then."
	We spent the entire morning working on martial arts and swordsmanship. In the afternoon, our new teacher had us read and interpret a series of texts.
	Weiwei hopelessly stared down at the book in front of her. "I was never taught how to read anything this complex before."
	"It's alright," I said as I sat down next to her. "I can help you."
	"Hey," Fei Ziyi said, amused. "What about your own work? Whoever finishes first gets to rest, remember? The loser has to make dinner for all of us."
	I shook my head. "There is no winning and losing. I just want to help my friend." Turning back to Weiwei, I looked down at the book in front of her. "Where are you having the most trouble?"
	"Here, and here," Weiwei said in embarrassment.
	"Okay."
	Ultimately, Yuxin was the first to finish the assignment. While Yuxin stayed behind to talk to Fei Ziyi about the day's lessons, I accompanied Weiwei to the kitchen to help her prepare dinner.
	Weiwei let out a tired sigh as she rolled up her sleeves. "You didn't need to come here with me, you know. Where did you learn to read such advanced texts, anyway?" she asked as we began boiling water chopping vegetables. "Yuxin was likely taught in the brothel for the sake of indulging the customers, but you and I grew up at the palace."
      "I learned before I came to the palace," I said simply.
"You really are amazing."
"It's not like that, really. But I'm here to help you."
      Weiwei just smiled faintly as she shook her head. "I don't deserve a friend like you."
	I clung to Weiwei's arm. "Don't say that! We're here to look out for each other."
	That night, I sat next to the window in our shared bedroom. The night sky outside was clear, and the moon hung low in the inky canvas. Weiwei had gone to sleep early, and I looked up as Yuxin silently walked over to me. She took a seat and gazed out into the star-flecked night.
	I opened my mouth to say something, but upon seeing Yuxin's expression, I stopped. Sorrow lingered behind her eyes as she sat there in silence. Yuxin hadn't told me much about her past, and I hoped one day she could share it with me. I wanted to help her, but being in the dark, I didn't know how.

~

	In the morning, I sat at the table eating breakfast. To my surprise, Fei Ziyi was there too. But unlike the previous day, he was already intoxicated when I arrived.
	Weiwei turned to look at Chen Han. "Sister Chen, you look better than usual. Were you able to get some sleep?"
	"I did, actually," Chen Han said, unable to believe it herself. "I can't remember why or how, but I seemed to have slept through the night. When I woke in the morning, I didn't feel the same tiredness I usually do."
	Suddenly, Fei Ziyi started laughing, and everyone turned to look at him in surprise. "It's because Yanyan gave me a suggestion."
	"Who's Yanyan?" I said defensively. "Who said you can call me that? Who said I gave you a suggestion? I didn't!"
	Chen Han looked between the two of us suspiciously, but then she shrugged. "When the three of you are ready, we can go outside to continue our training."
	When our lunch break came around, I flopped over onto the grass. My hair was plastered to the sides of my head with sweat. Somewhere out of the corner of my vision, crimson fabric fluttered. The color was a stark contrast to the pale blue sky high above.
	Chen Han prodded me with the hilt of her sword. "Still alive?"
	"Barely," I said breathlessly.
	She laughed as she crouched down next to me. "So you're still looking out for my health."
	I slowly sat up to glance at Weiwei and Yuxin. "Was it that obvious? I wanted it to seem like it was completely Fei Ziyi's idea."
	Chen Han took sat on the grass across from us. She set her sword down and tipped her head back to look at the sky. "If I'm being honest, I think I know very well what's causing my lack of sleep. The story I told you about my life before I met my master . . . well, I might have left out a few details. Before my father kicked me out of the house, he thought that if he couldn't sell me as a person, he could still try and get some money by trying to sell my organs. One night I was fast asleep, and then the next thing I knew, he was trying to cut my stomach open with a rusty knife."
	I pressed over my mouth as I inhaled sharply.
	"What happened next?" Weiwei whispered.
	"I was scared. I fought back. I managed to wrestle the knife from my father and then ran. But I had nowhere to go. I couldn't find food on the streets, so a few days later, the only place I could return to was the house. I was dying; my wounds were infected, and I was losing blood. But my father threw me out and told me never to come back. All I had was that rusty knife and the clothes on my back. That's when my master found me. He saved me."
	"The trauma still follows you to this day," I said sadly. "No wonder none of the medicines worked."
	"But then that one time you slept in our room," Weiwei started slowly. "You felt . . . safe."
	The heroine in red inclined her head.
	"Thank you for telling us about your past," I said quietly. "No one should have had to experience that."
	Chen Han let out a sigh. "The saddest part is that I don't think I was the only one. That happens to be the way things are. And that is why the world needs heroes with kind hearts-heroes who will help others without a second thought. Heroes like my master."
	"I wish I could have had the chance to meet Hero Wu," Weiwei said softly.
	Chen Han rose to her feet and brushed the dirt from her flowing robes. "How about I arrange a trip for us to pay him a visit? It's been a few months since we last paid respects to him. I think my master would have liked the three of you here," she said wistfully. "He always enjoyed a lively environment."

~

	The rest of the week flew by, and before long, the five of us were walking down the dirt paths snaking across the land to visit Wu Ren's tombstone. This time, when we climbed the foggy hill, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I stood together at the summit. We bowed respectfully before moving away to give Chen Han and Fei Ziyi some privacy to speak to their master.
	As we waited off to the side, Weiwei suddenly grabbed my arm. I blinked at her as she pointed to a patch of bamboo. "I think I just saw movement."
	"A wild animal?" I suggested as I strained my eyes against the fog.
	Weiwei continued to stare at the bamboo. "I don't know. It moved away too quickly."
	Chen Han returned with Fei Ziyi was close at her heels. "Ready to make the trip to the village?" 
	"Sister Chen," Weiwei said quietly. "I think I saw something moving in the bamboo."
	Fei Ziyi walked past her and disappeared into the bamboo. "There are footprints here," he called a moment later. We hurried over to him, and Fei Ziyi motioned to the dirt and the fresh footprints.
	"Do you think someone wanted to pay Hero Wu a visit?" I asked uncertainly.
	"Do you think someone is following us?" Yuxin asked at the same time.
	Chen Han poked at the footprints with her sheathed sword. "It's true that I get a lot of people coming to me, but I don't think they've ever fled like this before."
	"Maybe it's just a coincidence that someone else showed up at the same time as us," Weiwei suggested.
	"Let's not worry about this now," Chen Han said as she shook her hair back. A smile tugged on her red-painted lips. "If this person turns out to be unpleasant, I'll deal with them."
	During the first day of walking back from the tomb, I found myself checking our surroundings for anything out of the ordinary, but nothing seemed amiss. By the second day, all my worries had slipped away, and I was chatting happily with my companions again.
	We stopped at a hotel for the night, and I was undoing my hair when I noticed a flash of motion outside the window. After freezing for a split second, I hurried over and peered outside. My unbound hair whipped around my face as I squinted against the night wind. The lanterns in the street illuminated the buildings, but the street was completely empty.
	I frowned to myself as I slowly leaned back inside.
	"Everything alright?" Yuxin asked as she came over to me.
	I shook my head in bewilderment as I closed the window and shut out the night. "I thought I saw something moving very quickly outside. But now I don't see anything at all."
	"Should we go to Sister Chen and Fei Ziyi's room to tell them about it?"
	"I'm really not sure what I saw," I admitted. "Let's not bother them with it."
	The following morning, the three of us found Chen Han and Fei Ziyi outside the hotel. The heroine in red had a smirk on her face as usual, but something about Fei Ziyi seemed off. Even though he was smiling lazily, his posture was stiff.
	"Is everything alright?" I asked worriedly.
	Chen Han ignored my question. "We should get a move on. It looks like it's going to rain again later, and we should try and get as far as we can before it does. We've got swords to pick up."
	This time, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I continuously looked over our shoulders as we walked. Even though Chen Han and Fei Ziyi weren't admitting it, I could tell they were more alert than usual. What was even more telling was that, for the entire trek to the next town, I hadn't seen Fei Ziyi drink from his gourd of liquor once.
	"I think Sister Chen and Fei Ziyi are being followed," Weiwei said quietly to Yuxin and me. "They just don't want to alarm us."
	When we finally arrived at Mr. Fan's blacksmith shop, my anxiety was beginning to melt away again. For the past few days of travel, there had been no signs of anyone following us, and I was starting to think that maybe we had lost them, or maybe no one had been following us after all.
	"Chen Han!" Mr. Fan exclaimed delightedly as we strode into the shop. "And Ziyi is here too!"
	Fei Ziyi flashed the blacksmith a carefree smile. "Greetings, Mr. Fan."
	The blacksmith let out a rumbling laugh. "It's been how many years since I've seen you last? The last time I saw you, you were still shorter than me. Anyways, I've finished the swords." After walking back behind his counter, Mr. Fan placed three identical swords on the surface. "What do ya think?"
	Weiwei, Yuxin, and I turned to look at Chen Han. The heroine just smiled and nodded. I hurried over to inspect the swords with Weiwei and Yuxin. I stared in awe at the blades glinting in the light.
	"I've got the sheaths here too," Mr. Fan said, placing them on the counter as well. "It's always a pleasure helping out."
	"Are you sure you won't let me pay you the rest for your work?" Chen Han asked. A wry smile played on her lips. "I fear you'll be unable to keep your business going if you keep doing work for free."
	Mr. Fan waved her off. "Nonsense."
	Chen Han turned to Weiwei, Yuxin, and me. "So, what do you think?"
	I just shook my head as I stared at the swords. "I don't know what to think. They look powerful. Deadly."
	Chen Han put a reassuring hand on my shoulder. "Think of them as tools to help you uphold justice."
	Mr. Fan placed all the swords in their sheaths before handing them to us. "Now, whenever I call on you for help, you have to come and help me, yes?"
	Yuxin smiled as she took her sword from him. "Of course."
	When we left the shop, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I strapped our swords to our backs. "I feel like I'm one of those heroes in the stories," I said in awe.
	There was a newfound confidence in Yuxin's step as we walked. The fog surrounding us had thickened since we entered one of the many bamboo forests on the path back to Chen Han and Fei Ziyi's residence. "Bunny, do you think it's difficult to defeat demons?" she asked.
	"It can't be that difficult, can it?" I said mildly. "I'm sure Sister Chen could take down a demon."
      Weiwei joined our conversation. "I've heard you call Xiyan 'Bunny' before," she said softly. "I'm curious where that came from."
	I watched Yuxin's face as she gazed at the sky. "I used to have a pet bunny. The bunny died one day, though, and it was shortly before Xiyan arrived at the village. So I decided to call her Bunny after my late friend."
	"Is that really what happened?" I asked quietly.
	Yuxin nodded as she turned to face me. "When I was younger, believe it or not, I actually used to think that my pet bunny magically turned into you. It's silly, isn't it?"
	We walked for the rest of the day, and when Chen Han and Fei Ziyi's residence came into view, the sun was slowly creeping toward the horizon. As we drew closer, Chen Han came to a stop and held out an arm to halt the rest of us. A man was standing in front of the doors.
	Fei Ziyi swore under his breath. "Looks like we were beaten back."
	I looked at Chen Han and Fei Ziyi in confusion. "Do you know this person?"
	"No," Fei Ziyi said simply. "But I do know he's definitely trouble."
    

    Chapter Fourteen

	"What do we do, then?" Weiwei asked worriedly. "Do we go in through the back entrance?"
	Chen Han shook her head. "There's no point now. Look, he's already seen us. He came all the way to our home. We might as well go and talk to him."
	"Once we started on our way back from our master's grave," Fei Ziyi spoke up, "someone kept slipping me notes. They all said the same thing: 'Meet me outside, alone.' But why must I meet this person outside alone? For them to kill me? I thought if I ignored them they'd go away. I didn't expect them to turn up here."
	Chen Han set off down the path. "Let's go ask him what he wants."
	The five of us stopped in front of the entrance, and the young man, who had been examining the stones in the wall, nonchalantly turned to address us. "Greetings," he said formally. He was dressed in the simple robes of a student, and his dark hair was neatly tied up. He looked directly at Fei Ziyi. "I've been looking for you."
      Fei Ziyi just burst into laughter, then frowned. "Who are you? If you're here to pick a fight, you're outnumbered."
	The man shook his head. "I'm not here to fight. It's been years since we've met, so it is only natural that you don't remember me. I'm your cousin. I've been searching for you, Gao Dujiang."
	Fei Ziyi stared at the man blankly. "I think you're mistaken. There's no Gao Dujiang here."
	"But there is, isn't there?" the man said mildly. "He's you, isn't he?"
	"My name's Fei Ziyi."
	The man let out a sigh. "Let me try this again. My name's Gao Yunzhe. I'm your cousin. Ever since the Gao family was killed for committing treason, I've been looking for any other survivors."
	"Let's pretend that I am Gao Dujiang," Fei Ziyi said. His tone was laced with amusement. "If you are part of the Gao family, how did you survive?"
	"My father had sent me away for school," Gao Yunzhe explained. "When the news reached the school that the Gao family had committed treason and was to be exterminated, my teachers took it upon themselves to give me a new identity and erase all traces of my old existence from their records. I was only eleven at the time, and my teachers were benevolent."
	Fei Ziyi was frowning now. "I didn't know there were any other survivors."
	"So you admit it." A wry smile flickered across Gao Yunzhe's face. "You can't hide it, especially when you resemble your late older siblings."
	"The notes . . ." Fei Ziyi said slowly. "Those were yours, too, I assume. But how did you find me?"
	Gao Yunzhe inclined his head. "I found you by hearing about your late master. Recently, old information on martial artists resurfaced. Have you heard about what is happening in the capital? One of the princes died, and now months later, a pirate was just found to be involved with his death."
	I stared at Gao Yunzhe. "A pirate? In the palace?"
      Gao Yunzhe nodded. "The pirate is skilled in martial arts and fought his way out of the palace. Now the entire capital is under lockdown and in the midst of an investigation. I volunteered to help search through archives to try and uncover the pirate's identity. With all this access to resources about the martial arts world, my investigation led me to discover that the martial artist Wu Ren was spotted with a child on the day of our family's massacre. I learned of the whereabouts of Hero Wu's residence and also learned that he had passed away. It turned out he had two students, so of course, I had to investigate myself. When I found this place, I saw all of you leaving and decided to follow you secretly until I knew for sure that you were Gao Dujiang. Then I tried to pass notes to you so that we could meet face to face. You ignored me, though."
	Fei Ziyi raised his brows. "You never signed the notes. They sounded quite threatening to me."
	Gao Yunzhe dipped his head again. "My sincere apologies."
	After a silence fell between them, Chen Han asked, "Would you like to come in? Now that we know you're related to my junior, it would be inhospitable of us not to invite you inside for some tea." After pushing the doors to the yard open, Chen Han stepped to the side and gestured graciously for Gao Yunzhe to enter. "Please."
	Gao Yunzhe stepped over the threshold and into the yard beyond. The rest of us followed him, and Chen Han shut the door behind us. The heroine in red strode to the front of the group and led the way to the building at the back of the yard.
      In a matter of minutes, Chen Han, Fei Ziyi, and Gao Yunzhe were seated at the table. All of them had steaming cups in front of them, all untouched. Weiwei, Yuxin, and I stood off to the side of the room, quietly observing the scene.
	Chen Han had a wide smile on her face as she rested her chin on the palms of her hands. "So, tell me, Gao Yunzhe. You walked into the martial arts world to try and find your cousin?"
	Gao Yunzhe nodded. "That's correct."
	Fei Ziyi was looking at Gao Yunzhe, frowning. "You found me. What do you plan to do now? I'm sure you already investigated what happened leading up to the massacre. My parents weren't exactly innocent, and I'm afraid your father was complicit as well."
	"I want the two of us to bring glory back to our family name," Gao Yunzhe said seriously. "I've been studying hard ever since I could hold a brush. In a few years, I'll be prepared enough to take the imperial examination. I want to join the court."
	Fei Ziyi gave him an amused look. "Our family is already regarded as scum in Jingcheng. Becoming a minister of the court is one thing, but bringing glory back to our family name? Bring what glory back? It's not worth it."
	"The two of us are not at fault," Gao Yunzhe said as if he hadn't heard Fei Ziyi's response. "Our fates shouldn't have to be determined by what happened back then."
	"They haven't. I'm here now, aren't I? And so are you."
	A crease formed between Gao Yunzhe's brows. "That's not what I mean. You've really never thought about changing the reputation of our family name?"
	"What use is that?" Fei Ziyi asked bluntly. "I'm no longer part of the Gao family. I'm Fei Ziyi now. I'm a martial artist, and no one can make me give that up. Cousin, forget about the Gao family."
	Gao Yunzhe fell silent and reached for his cup of tea. "Will you really not consider it?" he finally asked. "Generations of our Gao family will be referred to with disdain. Why are we condemned to perpetually shoulder our parents' sins?"
	Fei Ziyi gave him another look. "Do you have to ask? You're clearly an educated man. Surely you know that's just the way things are."
	Chen Han turned to Fei Ziyi. "Will you really not consider helping him out?"
	Fei Ziyi looked almost offended by the question. "I'm not going anywhere."
	Chen Han turned back to address Gao Yunzhe. "You're welcome to stay here for as long as you want, but Ziyi doesn't want to help you."
	Gao Yunzhe inclined his head. "Then I'll thank you in advance for your hospitality. It was a long journey-the farthest I've ever traveled on my own. I'll stay for a few days. Who knows? Maybe I'll be able to convince Gao Dujiang to come with me."
	"I've already told you that there's no Gao Dujiang here," Fei Ziyi interjected, rising from his seat. "I don't want to keep talking about this."After turning on his heel, he climbed the stairs and vanished onto the second landing.
	"You heard him," Chen Han said lightly as she glanced over at Gao Yunzhe. "He doesn't want to keep discussing this topic. You can stay, but you can't bring up the Gao family again."
	Gao Yunzhe let out a sigh. "Fine." Then he turned to Weiwei, Yuxin, and me. "I don't think we've been formally introduced yet. I'm Gao Yunzhe. But if we're ever out in public, you can call me Ma Zhe. That's what my fellow classmates know me as."
	I lifted my arms in front of me and clasped my hands together to bow respectfully. "I'm Xia Xiyan."
	"Xia Yuxin."
	"Hu Qiuwei."
	Gao Yunzhe turned back to Chen Han. "I'm afraid I don't know your name either."
	The heroine in red smiled. "Chen Han. These three are my students."
	"Students?"
	Chen Han shook back her long hair. "That's right."
	"If you don't mind my asking, what's your relation to Du-Ziyi, I mean."
	"I'm his senior," Chen Han said simply. "We grew up under the same master and learned martial arts together."
	Gao Yunzhe smiled faintly. "I see."
	Chen Han looked over at us. "The three of you can head upstairs and get some rest. I'll keep Gao Yunzhe company here."
	We bowed again before hurrying up the stairs. When we reached our room, I tugged my hair out of its high ponytail.
	"What do you think of Gao Yunzhe's sudden appearance?" Weiwei asked after we shut the door behind us.
	"Fei Ziyi doesn't seem to like him very much," Yuxin commented.
	I nodded in agreement. "If I were him, I'd probably react the same way. After all, Fei Ziyi has been living his life as a martial artist for years now. Gao Yunzhe, on the other hand, is older. He has stronger recollections of the Gao family."
	"Gao Yunzhe might stay here a few days at most," Yuxin said, lost in thought. "I wonder if he'll be willing to spend some time with us while we're here."
	I instantly danced over to tug on Yuxin's arm. "Has someone taken a fancy to him?"
	Yuxin looked away. "He's a scholar from the capital. He's well spoken, and I can tell he's a good person. I-I just want to try and get to know him if I have the chance."
	"We only just met him, and you can already tell what kind of person he is?"
	She offered me a small smile. "My intuition is pretty accurate, given that I've dealt with a lot of people over the years. I can tell which men have ill intentions, and Gao Yunzhe isn't one of them."
	I was silent for a moment before I decided to change the topic. "On a different note, we've got real swords to practice with now. Sister Chen better make sure we don't end up seriously injuring ourselves with them."

~

	The following morning, the three of us were outside in the yard. As usual, Chen Han was instructing us, but today I noticed my attention was not fully on the lesson. Gao Yunzhe was standing off to the side, observing us. When he caught me looking, he politely dipped his head in my direction. I smiled awkwardly. After spending so much time with Chen Han and Fei Ziyi, I had gotten used to their carefree mannerisms, and something about Gao Yunzhe's stiff and formal conduct was a little daunting.
	I looked away, and my gaze drifted to the wooden building at the back of the yard. To my surprise, I noticed Fei Ziyi on the walkway of the second floor, arms folded, watching his cousin.
	When it was time to break for lunch, I asked Yuxin to follow me, and the two of us walked up the stairs to the second landing. Fei Ziyi was still standing there, looking out over the yard. "Hello, Yanyan," he said without turning around.
	I placed a hand on my hip. "I've already told you that you can't call me that."
	"And don't even think about giving me a nickname," Yuxin warned.
	Fei Ziyi finally turned to look at the two of us. "Do the two of you need something?"
	Yuxin ignored him. "You're suspicious of Gao Yunzhe."
	"I am," Fei Ziyi said simply. He opened his paper fan to fan himself. "I've been watching him all morning, and from what I can see, it seems like he was telling the truth when he said he doesn't have any martial arts experience."
	"I don't think there's any good reason to be suspicious of him," Yuxin pointed out. "I understand that you don't want anything to do with the Gao family, but Gao Yunzhe already stated what he wanted, and he's not going to force you to leave with him."
	Fei Ziyi's expression was somewhere between a forced smile and a grimace. "The sooner he leaves, the better."
	But the longer Gao Yunzhe stuck around us, the more we seemed to accept his presence-well, everyone except Fei Ziyi. One afternoon, I was sitting across from Gao Yunzhe, eagerly watching him as he read through the poem I had just finished.
      "What do you think?" I asked as I rocked back and forth in my seat.
	Weiwei was sitting next to me. "Patience. You just handed it to him."
	Gao Yunzhe smiled faintly as he set the poem down on the table between us. "It's clever. I like it."
	There was a flurry of red fabric as Chen Han strolled into the room with a tray of tea, which she set on the table. "May I see the poem?"
	I nodded my head, and Gao Yunzhe handed the poem to the heroine in red. Chen Han scanned it before letting out a laugh. "It's childish. Gao Yunzhe is just too nice to say so."
	"Sister Chen"-I pouted as I tugged on her sleeve-"don't laugh at me! I worked really hard on it."
	Gao Yunzhe looked up at Chen Han. "Are you interested in poetry too?"
	Chen Han waved him off. "Oh, no. My master made Ziyi and me study poems, but I was always scolded for being lazy in whatever I wrote. Ziyi is the one with talent for it."
	"Would you like to join us?" Gao Yunzhe asked. "I know a number of poems about the martial arts world."
	Chen Han flashed him a lazy smile. "I'll have to pass. I came to let all of you know that I'll be heading out tonight. I'll be back before noon tomorrow." The heroine in red smiled one last time before disappearing out the door.
	Yuxin, who had been writing something, set her brush down and turned her paper around for Gao Yunzhe to see. "I finished my poem."
	Gao Yunzhe smiled faintly as his eyes moved over the page. "It's a good poem."
	Yuxin dropped her gaze to her hands, but she was smiling.
	I exchanged a knowing glance with Weiwei, and the two of us rose to our feet. I let out a big yawn. "Look, it's already dark. I'm feeling a little tired. Weiwei and I will head to bed first." Gao Yunzhe barely had time to open his mouth before Weiwei and I were shuffling out of the room.
	I giggled as I pulled open the doors to our shared room. "Yuxin can thank the two of us later." I got to work lighting the candles, and the dark room slowly began to glow from their fiery light. "I like having Gao Yunzhe around," I commented. "Yuxin likes having him around, so I like having him around too."
	About half an hour later, the door to our room opened, and Yuxin slipped in.
	I jumped to my feet. "How did it go?"
	She was practically glowing. "We talked about poetry. And then I mentioned how I know how to dance and play the lute. Gao Yunzhe knows how to play the bamboo flute. He said one day maybe the two of us would have the chance to play a song together." There was a smile on Yuxin's face as she danced freely around the room. Her black hair flowed around her, and I realized I hadn't seen her this happy before.
	When she came to a stop, I latched onto her arm. "Yuxin, my good sister. Will you ever perform a dance for Weiwei and me?"
	Yuxin laughed as she playfully poked me on the forehead. "One of these days, when we can find music."
	The three of us spent some time quietly chatting before we finally changed into our nightclothes, extinguished the candles, and crawled under our covers.

~

	I sat resting my elbows on the table and my chin on my hands. I was sitting next to Gao Yunzhe in the study, watching the perfect characters that bloomed to life on the paper beneath his brush. I tried and failed to stifle my yawn.
	Gao Yunzhe paused to look at me. "Losing interest already?"
	I flashed him a guilty smile. "Sister Chen wanted me to watch and learn from your study habits." I glanced apprehensively at the book Gao Yunzhe had been poring over for the past hour. "What is this? I don't understand any of it. I don't think I'm cut out for studying for the imperial exam."
	Gao Yunzhe smiled faintly. "You wouldn't want to enter the palace if you had the chance?"
	I rapidly shook my head.
	"Let's learn something practical, then," he said. He placed his brush down and set aside the book he was transcribing. He laid out a blank piece of paper, then carefully held his long sleeves away from the table with one hand and picked up his brush again with the other. "Xia Xiyan. Which Xia? Which Xi? Which Yan?"
	"Xia as in summer, Xi as in sunset, Yan as in smoke." I sat up straight as I watched Gao Yunzhe write my name in neat print. "Your handwriting is amazing! My own writing isn't too bad, but it's nothing compared to yours."
	"Here." He passed me the brush once he was done. "You can use this as a reference. Try to copy the characters."
	I nodded eagerly as I took the brush. As I began to copy my name, Gao Yunzhe picked up a second brush and went back to studying. I had only copied my name once before the door to the study opened and Yuxin stepped in.
      I craned my neck to look behind her. "Where's Weiwei?"
	"Weiwei is still practicing with Sister Chen," Yuxin informed me as she sat across from us at the table. "She's having difficulty keeping up." Yuxin looked down at the paper I had been practicing on. "What's this?"
	"Brother Gao is having me practice writing my name."
	Yuxin smiled faintly at Gao Yunzhe. "If it isn't too much trouble, could you write my name for me to copy as well?"
	Gao Yunzhe dipped his head in a nod as he set his book down for a second time. Yuxin gracefully rose to her feet to take a seat to Gao Yunzhe's left. He handed her the paper, and she looked down at the page. "Beautiful penmanship."
      I handed Yuxin the brush I was using and watched her skillfully copy her name.
	"Your own writing is very good," Gao Yunzhe praised her.
	Yuxin blushed.

~

	The following morning, Weiwei and I found Gao Yunzhe standing next to the balcony railing with a book in one hand and a brush in the other. I followed his gaze to the yard below, where Chen Han was practicing with her sword alone. Smiling, I exchanged glances with Weiwei. I put a finger to my lips and motioned for her to follow me. The two of us tiptoed over to peer over Gao Yunzhe's shoulder. I let out a giggle. Gao Yunzhe wasn't studying now; instead, he was drawing a woman in flowing robes. Even though the picture was in black and white, I recognized Chen Han's form immediately.
	"I didn't know Brother Gao was skilled in painting too!" I said, impressed.
	Gao Yunzhe smiled softly. "If you're interested, I could show you sometime. If your teacher lets me, of course."
	In the afternoon, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I hurried from vendor to vendor, excitedly looking at all the goods they had to offer. Even though Chen Han had given us a few coins to buy what we wanted, by the time we had gone to the end of the main street and back, the three of us had only bought a few steamed buns to split among ourselves. Now whenever the three of us went out, we carried our swords with us the same way Chen Han and Fei Ziyi always did.
	We were just finishing up our snack when a commotion caught our eye. A carriage was blocking the road, and a crowd of confused villagers had gathered around it. I exchanged a glance with Weiwei and Yuxin before the three of us went over to join them. We pushed our way to the front of the crowd.
	A woman in a deep purple dress was pointing her fan at a young boy. From the jeweled pins that adorned her hair and the intricate embroidery on her dress, she had to be of high status. "Where are your parents?" she snapped shrilly. "Look how you ruined my dress!"
	"Milady," the woman's maids tried to calm her, "we have more clothes in the carriage. Please get back in so we can continue on our way."
	A boy was crying on the road in front of the carriage. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean it!"
	The woman raised a hand in the air to hit the boy. I started to move, but Yuxin beat me to it. Yuxin ran between the noble woman and the boy, shielding him with her body.
	The woman blinked at Yuxin as she lowered her hand. "Who are you? Are you the mother of this vicious child?"
	"What happened?" Yuxin asked as the boy clung to her.
	"He spooked the horses," she said angrily. "The carriage jolted, and now my skirt is ruined!" The woman gestured with her fan to the tear that ran up the side of her dress. "It got caught on the seat. I liked this dress too. Now I can only throw it away."
	"I'll buy it from you," Yuxin said quickly.
	The woman blinked in surprise as Yuxin fumbled for her coin pouch and held it out to her. "This is all I have."
	The woman slowly took the pouch from Yuxin and weighed it in her hand. "Fine. I'll let you and that vicious child off. You can have the dress."
	Soon, the deep purple fabric was folded neatly in Yuxin's arms. We watched the carriage drive off, and once it was gone, I turned to Yuxin, bewildered. "Why did you want her torn dress?"
	Yuxin ran a hand over the fabric, smiling faintly. "I can fix it. If I get the chance, I want to dress up for Brother Gao."

~

	We spent the evening prepping dinner, and soon all of us were seated around the table. All of us except for Fei Ziyi.
	Gao Yunzhe let out a sigh. "After spending time with all of you, I can see why my cousin doesn't want to leave. It was wrong for me to think he'd abandon his new life just like that."
	"So you've decided to stop trying to convince me to leave with you?" All of us turned to find Fei Ziyi standing on the stairs.
	Gao Yunzhe inclined his head. "I apologize for my selfishness. I'm just glad I got the chance to meet you here."
	To my surprise, Fei Ziyi let out a laugh as he made his way down the rest of the stairs. "That's more like it!"
	Gao Yunzhe blinked in surprise as Fei Ziyi clapped him on the back. "You aren't trying to avoid me anymore?"
	Fei Ziyi waved him off. "We're cousins-and the only family each other has left."
	Gao Yunzhe nodded. "In that case, I'll call my journey here a success. Reuniting with my cousin made it more than worthwhile. Now that we're all here, I think it's a good time to tell you that I'll be taking my leave soon. I've been here much longer than I anticipated."
	I watched Yuxin out of the corner of my eye. Everything was written on her face.

~

	That night, Weiwei and I were talking quietly when the door to our room opened and Yuxin entered. The moment she closed the door behind her, she sank to her knees, burying her face in her hands.
	"Yuxin!" I was crouching at Yuxin's side in an instant. "What happened?"
	Yuxin just shook her head as she finally lowered her hands, her eyes glistening with tears. "Brother Gao doesn't like me."
	"What?" I blinked at her. "I thought the two of you were getting along fine!"
	"We were," Yuxin said as she slumped down, hugging her knees as she stared unseeingly into space. "But he doesn't like me in the same way I like him. He's leaving soon, so I asked him if he'd be willing to stay a little longer. I told him that I liked him, but . . ." she just let out a sad laugh. "He just told me that he couldn't reciprocate my feelings and that I'll find someone better than him in the future. I know I'm not good enough for him. I just wish he could give me a chance."
	"I know it hurts to be rejected," Weiwei said softly, "but we've only known him for a couple of weeks. Maybe it was love at first sight for you, but you can't control Brother Gao's heart."
	Silent tears ran down Yuxin's face as she just hugged herself tighter.
	I wrapped my arms around her comfortingly. "Brother Gao was right about one thing: I'm certain you'll find someone better than him in the future."
	Yuxin shook her head hopelessly.
	"Yuxin-" I tugged at Yuxin's sleeve. She offered me a sad smile as she reached up to brush her tears away.
      Just then, a piece of paper fell from one of my pockets. I hastily reached to pick it up.
      "What's that?" Yuxin asked.
      I quickly took the opportunity to try and lighten the mood. "It's a secret."
      Yuxin just gave me a look before rising to her feet. I was quickly there to help her. "The two of you can go to sleep first. I want some time alone."
	Weiwei and I watched Yuxin pull open the door and step back into the night.
	"What is that?" Weiwei questioned softly once Yuxin had vanished.
	I unfolded the piece of paper and handed it to Weiwei. "All three of our names are written on it. Brother Gao instructed me to write from my heart, so I wrote the first thing that came to mind. The three of us are on this side, and then . . ." Weiwei flipped it over and read the other side. We were quiet for a moment before Weiwei handed the paper back to me. I stared down at the lone name printed onto the paper. Shen Fanghuan. "Do you think it was wrong of me to tell Yuxin this paper was a secret? In her state of mind, she might have thought Brother Gao gave it to me and it made her even more sad."
	Weiwei was silent for a moment before answering. "Maybe Yuxin didn't make anything of it at all. We should sleep now. You can bring it up with her tomorrow night."

~

      The next day, Weiwei and I were practicing with Chen Han in the yard when suddenly there was the sound of something shattering from inside. The three of us rushed to the source of the sound and found Yuxin and Gao Yunzhe facing each other from across the room.
	"You-" Yuxin was looking at Gao Yunzhe in a pained sort of way.
	"Miss Xia," Gao Yunzhe said stiffly. "You're a lady, and as a lady, I hope you can restrain your actions."
	"I-" Yuxin made to take a step forward, but Chen Han casually stepped between Yuxin and Gao Yunzhe.
	"Let's not make our guests uncomfortable," Chen Han said as she gave Yuxin a look. "How about you start prepping for lunch?"
	Yuxin's eyes filled with tears before she turned on her heel and vanished from sight.
	When night fell, Weiwei and I waited for Yuxin, but we went to bed when we concluded she wasn't coming.
      I wasn't sure when I awoke, but it was still dark outside. Weiwei was still fast asleep, but Yuxin was still missing.
	After carefully climbing out from under my blankets, I decided to go look for her. The morning hours were silent as I walked along the second-story walkway. It didn't take me long to find Yuxin leaning against the wooden railings. She was gazing out at the sky, and her inky hair fluttered gently around her in the soft breeze.
	"Yuxin," I said quietly as I walked over to her.
	Yuxin turned to look at me. If she was surprised by my presence, she didn't show it.
	"Are you okay?"
	She offered me a pained smile. "I've embarrassed myself. I'm embarrassed. I want to apologize, but I have no face left to see him now."
      "Yuxin," I said softly, placing a hand on hers, "what happened today?"
      Yuxin took a breath as she blinked back the tears glistening in her eyes. "I brought tea from the kitchens. When I poured him a cup, I touched his hand. It scared him away. I-I think I might have given myself away. He must think I'm dirty."
      "I don't think he sees you as dirty." When she refused to meet my gaze, I wrapped my arms around her in a warm hug. "I think Brother Gao just likes bold and fearless women like Sister Chen. This has nothing to do with your past."
      Yuxin held me tightly. "Xiyan, I'm really not pure. When I first entered the brothel, the owner, Madam Qin, knew I was frightened and stubborn. But she knew that was what the customers wanted. My first time, Madam Qin had them bid on me. And so my innocence was bought with a handful of coins. I never even got to see the money."
	I took Yuxin's hands in my own as a tear slid down the side of my face. "You've left that place, and you never have to go back."
	Yuxin's grip tightened around my hands. "I was constantly beaten by Madam Qin and beaten by the customers. I was always bruised and barely alive."
	I squeezed Yuxin's hands as I shook my head. "The past is in the past now. You can live for yourself now-your fate is yours to decide."
	Yuxin gazed out at the stars slowly fading into the brightening sky. "I just never want to live the way I did back in the village or the brothel again."
	I smiled as I wrapped my arms around her again. "The future is full of possibilities. I'm afraid Brother Gao will be leaving here with a heartache too. He isn't exactly a good match for Sister Chen, and his own feelings won't be reciprocated. Sister Chen isn't even interested in him!"
	Yuxin let out a weak laugh. "Maybe it's a good thing that he's leaving soon. Once he's gone, I'll slowly force myself to get over him. Thank you, Xiyan. Thank you for being my good sister."

~

	During the rest of Gao Yunzhe's stay, when we were not practicing with our swords, Yuxin kept to our room. She sat quietly by the window with a needle and thread, mending the purple dress. It hurt me to see her this way. As I watched her, she hummed softly, smiling to herself as she finished another line of stitches.
      One night, Weiwei and I were sitting with her when the sound of raised voices came from the walkway outside.
	"He wrote this for you?" Fei Ziyi's voice said angrily.
	"Yes," Chen Han's voice answered. "Is there a problem with that?"
	"I haven't even written a poem for you yet, and you accepted his?"
	Exchanging a glance with Weiwei and Yuxin, I tiptoed over to the door and opened it a crack to watch the scene outside.
	Chen Han and Fei Ziyi were standing on the walkway. Fei Ziyi had a sheet of paper in his hand that he was brandishing at Chen Han. The heroine in red had an exasperated look on her face as she held out her hand for the paper. "I already told him that I'm not interested in him," she said with a sigh. "He knows that and wanted to give it to me anyway as a friend."
	Fei Ziyi scoffed. "As a friend? I don't buy it."
	"Hey-!" Chen Han exclaimed as Fei Ziyi tore up the poem. Then she sighed, tapping her foot impatiently. "Why are you being like this?"
	"I haven't even written a poem for you yet," Fei Ziyi repeated.
	Chen Han just gave him a look before she turned on her heel. "You had plenty of chances to in the past."
	Fei Ziyi watched her stride away before turning and storming in the opposite direction.
	Weiwei and Yuxin had joined me at the door by now, and the moment Fei Ziyi disappeared, to my surprise, Yuxin threw the door open and dashed outside. She dropped to her knees, frantically collecting the torn pieces of paper. I hurried over to join her.
	"Yuxin?" I asked softly once we were back in our room.
	Yuxin held the scraps tenderly. "Brother Gao wrote this poem. If Sister Chen doesn't want it, I'll gladly take good care of it." Then she turned to me. "Xiyan, can you help me find some glue?"

~

	The following morning, we were all standing outside the wall of the yard to bid Gao Yunzhe goodbye. "It was a pleasure meeting all of you," he said as he bowed to each one of us in turn.
	Chen Han inclined her head. "Likewise."
	"I wish you luck," Fei Ziyi said as he stepped forward to clap his cousin on the shoulder.
	Gao Yunzhe nodded. "I'll work hard to pass the imperial exam and bring the Gao family name back to glory. And once I do, I'll come back to visit you."
	Fei Ziyi smiled. "I'll be waiting. Safe travels."
	Gao Yunzhe bowed to us for a final time before he turned and started down the dirt path. The five of us watched him until his figure became one with the bright horizon.
	"At the beginning," Fei Ziyi said to no one in particular, "I really didn't like this cousin of mine very much. He was too stiff and formal. But in these past few days, he was really starting to grow on me."
	During the days after Gao Yunzhe's departure, Fei Ziyi was much more present around the house than before. He would even help us with maintaining the yard. At night, Fei Ziyi and Chen Han would drink together on the roof. Yuxin had started joining the two of them, which left Weiwei and me alone in our room for a few hours.
	About a week later, I was standing outside in the grassy yard, sword in hand, practicing with Weiwei and Yuxin. Fei Ziyi was instructing us today, and Chen Han had gone out to buy vegetables. Everything was going smoothly until around noon, when the doors to the yard opened and Chen Han stepped over the threshold. Her crimson robes billowed around her as she swiftly walked inside.
	"Sister Chen is back!" Weiwei said as she looked over. All of us hurried over to greet her with bright smiles, but our expressions faltered when we noticed the look on Chen Han's face.
	"What happened?" Yuxin asked quickly.
	"It's Gao Yunzhe," Chen Han said grimly. "He's been kidnapped."
    

    Chapter Fifteen

	"Well?" Yuxin said desperately after a silence fell over the yard. "What are we waiting for? Let's hurry up and save him!"
	Chen Han let out a heavy sigh. "All I know is that the people in the village saw a group of men with swords knock him unconscious and drag him away. Everyone is gossiping about it. But as it is now, we don't even know where he is."
	"Let's go look, then," Fei Ziyi said quickly. His expression was worried. "I just don't understand. Why would someone want to kidnap my cousin?" Then his face paled. "Don't tell me that someone's figured out that he's a survivor of the Gao family?"
	"I don't know if we can come to that conclusion yet," Chen Han said, pinching the bridge of her nose as if to ward off a headache. "I don't want to see any harm come to him either."
	"How do we find him?" I asked as I looked at her.
	"Ziyi and I will go to the town where Gao Yunzhe was seen last," Chen Han said. "We happen to have some skill in tracking people down."
	Fei Ziyi's face went even paler. "What happens if we do find him and he's . . ."
	"It doesn't make sense for them to kill Brother Gao," Weiwei reassured him. "If their intent was to kill him, why would they take him with them? And if they really did find something about his identity, they'd keep him alive and take him to Jingcheng to get rewarded."
	I turned to look at Weiwei with wide eyes. "Do you think they're heading to Jingcheng?"
	Weiwei shook her head. "It doesn't make sense for them to know about his identity. Brother Gao wouldn't just let other people discover such an important secret of his."
	"Speculating now won't do us any good," Chen Han said as she turned around and motioned for us to follow her out of the yard. "The three of you can come along if you'd like. Ziyi, we should hurry."
	By the time we arrived at the village, the sun was sinking beneath the horizon, and the world was steadily falling into darkness.
	I spent an hour asking everyone I could find if they knew anything about the kidnapping. As Chen Han mentioned, most of the villagers had heard about the incident, but when I asked if they knew where he was taken, no one had any answers.
	When I regrouped with the others, Yuxin's devastated expression told me how things had gone on her end.
	"Ziyi and I will spend the night here," Chen Han said a tired sigh. "We'll keep looking. Worst comes to worst, I can go to one of the larger martial arts sects and see if I can pay them to help us search. The government is notorious for ignoring these types of problems. That leaves us with asking sects, but they're going to want a lot of money for their services. The three of you should head back. If there are dangerous people here, I don't want you to engage with them."
	"But," Yuxin protested. "Brother Gao-"
	Chen Han gave her a stern look. "Your safety is just as important. Ziyi and I will keep searching. Listen to me and head back."
	I tugged on Yuxin's sleeve. "Let's go."

~

	As we walked down the silent path, I suddenly spoke up. "Do you think whoever kidnapped Brother Gao did so for his money? He was dressed in the robes of a student from the capital-maybe whoever kidnapped him saw he was a traveler and thought he might have money on him. Or maybe they just thought he wouldn't be able to fight back."
      Yuxin grabbed my arm, and I blinked at her. "If we looked like we were carrying around a decent amount of money, would they try to take us away too?"
	"It's too dangerous," Weiwei countered. Then her tone softened. "Look, we've arrived back. 
We should get some sleep. All we can do now is wait for Sister Chen to return."
	"No," Yuxin said slowly as she stopped by the doors.
	Weiwei blinked. "No?"
	"If we can somehow get the attention of the people who kidnapped Brother Gao, they'll take us straight to him."
	"Can we really say with a hundred percent certainty that they'll take us to him?" I asked quizzically. "I was only speculating when I said the kidnappers would try and take us away. Besides, what happens if we do get captured and separated?"
	"I'm willing to give it a shot," Yuxin said, determination sparking in her eyes. "Brother Gao is in danger."
	"We'll be too if we're kidnapped," Weiwei pointed out in exasperation.
	"Yuxin," I said softly, "I know you want to find him, but we shouldn't be impulsive."
	Yuxin glanced over at us. "The two of you can stay here. I'm not making you to come with me. I'm willing to go alone."
	"I'll come with you," I said quickly.
	"And me too," Weiwei added reluctantly.
	Yuxin's anxious expression melted into a smile. "Now we just need to find something that looks expensive."
	It seemed to hit us at the same time. "The dress!" we exclaimed in unison.
	Yuxin spent the rest of the night sewing by candlelight as she finished mending the dress. At some point, Weiwei and I had fallen asleep. When I woke in the morning, I found Yuxin asleep on top of the dress. Her dark hair spilled out around her like ink over the deep purple canvas.
	I gently shook her awake, and Yuxin stirred, blinking in the light. "I finished it," she said as she looked up at me.
	"Put it on," I encouraged. "You'll be a noble woman, and we'll be your bodyguards."
	Weiwei woke shortly, and the two of us helped Yuxin change into the dress. The purple fabric flowed around her, and she looked at her reflection in the copper mirror, awed.
	"You look beautiful," I said with a smile.
	Yuxin smiled back as she pinned her hair up with slender hands. "I think this is the most beautiful I've ever looked. I want Brother Gao to see me like this."
	"Yuxin," Weiwei said softly. "Are you sure you want to do this? What if something horrible happens? Please think this through again."
	Yuxin looked over her shoulder at Weiwei. "You can stay behind."
	"Xiyan . . ." Weiwei looked at me.
	"I'm going with Yuxin," I said. "I want to be there if she needs my help."
	Yuxin gave me a grateful smile. "Thank you, Xiyan." After taking one last look at herself in the mirror, she rose to her feet. "We should hurry. We can't afford to run into Sister Chen and Fei Ziyi either."
	I turned to look at my friend. "Weiwei, are you coming with us?"
      Weiwei's face was pale, but she nodded.
      
~
      
      We walked around the village for hours, but no one came. Even though we kept our eyes peeled for any signs of Chen Han and Fei Ziyi, it was as if the two of them had vanished from the village. Maybe they found a trail leading to Brother Gao, I thought to myself. Maybe we don't have to be kidnapped at all.
      We stayed out long after midnight and finally came to the disheartening conclusion to head back. It was late, so the three of us ended up at the village's sole inn to wait out the night. We sat around one of the tables. The candles flickered softly, and the only sound came from the man behind the desk sorting through account books.
      "Maybe the kidnappers are already long gone," Weiwei said quietly. "We were out during the day and at night. There's no one. I just don't understand how Brother Gao was captured in broad daylight either. Wouldn't someone have seen which direction he was taken? Wouldn't they have seen the kidnappers leave the village?"
      "Unless"-Yuxin's eyes grew large-"they never left the village!"
      "What do we-" I started in a low whisper, but before I could finish my sentence, I suddenly noticed smoke beginning to fill the room. "Watch out for poison!" I threw my arm up to cover my mouth and nose, but it was too late. One moment my head was spinning, and the next, the world tilted sideways and everything faded to black.
      
~

	I awoke in the dark. I slowly sat up, and my head throbbed painfully. Blindly feeling around, my hand fell on something that was likely a human limb. I froze, horrified.
	"Xiyan?" someone said.
	"Weiwei!" I exclaimed in a loud whisper.
	"Yes, it's me," Weiwei said quickly. Her tone was frightened. "Yuxin hasn't woken up yet, but the three of us are trapped together."
	"Trapped?"
	"I've been in here for a couple of days," a voice from the other side of the room said. "The cages are well built."
	I whirled toward the source of the voice. "Brother Gao?"
	"Yes, it's me," Gao Yunzhe said quietly. "I tried to pick the lock with my hair stick, but my kidnappers noticed and tied my hands together."
	"What happened to you?" I asked weakly. "How did you get in here?"
	Gao Yunzhe let out a sigh. "I had just finished lunch at the inn when I noticed I was feeling dizzy. I realized too late that someone had drugged the food. I ran, but I was caught and dragged down here." Then his tone turned serious. "The three of you shouldn't be here."
	"Where is here?" I reached for my own hair stick but found someone had removed it.
	"In the cellar of the inn," Gao Yunzhe said grimly.
	"Brother Gao?" Yuxin's voice asked through the dark.
	"I'm here," Gao Yunzhe answered.
	I heard Yuxin rise to her feet only to hiss in pain as her head collided with something solid. "We're in a cage?"
	"Brother Gao said he tried to pick the lock," I informed her, "but he got his hands bound as a result." I squinted, trying to make out the bars, but it was pitch black, and I couldn't even see my hand in front of my face. "How do we get out of here?" I whispered as the gravity of our situation began to set in. "Do you think Sister Chen and Fei Ziyi noticed we've gone missing?"
	"What do our captors want?" Yuxin asked faintly.
	"They're human traffickers," Gao Yunzhe said grimly. "I'm afraid the original owner of this inn was replaced by one who ran a shadier business. Plenty of unsuspecting travelers must pass through here all the time."
	I fell silent as I slumped down against the cold bars of the cage.
	Suddenly, there was a creaking sound as a door on the far side of the room opened. I squinted against the light spilling in. There was a staircase beyond the door. A man carrying a lantern stepped inside, and as he neared, I recognized the face of the innkeeper.
	"What do you want with us?" Weiwei demanded. Her voice wavered.
	The innkeeper just sneered. "We weren't originally going to take you three troublemakers, but given that you figured out our little secret, we can't let you keep investigating, can we?" The innkeeper marched over to Gao Yunzhe's cage, unlocked the door, and dragged Gao Yunzhe out by the collar.
	"Brother Gao!" Yuxin cried.
	"Don't be so dramatic," the innkeeper said silkily. "The man has already been evaluated for a price. Just be good and sit here until the evaluator comes back. You'll be reunited again in a couple of days to say your final goodbyes."
	All we could do was watch as the innkeeper dragged Gao Yunzhe across the room and opened another door. I could barely make out the dark tunnel beyond as I craned my neck, but there was only so much I could see before the two of them vanished from sight. There was a scraping sound as someone shut the door to the stairs, and the room fell into darkness again.
	I didn't realize I was shaking until Weiwei put a reassuring hand on top of mine.
	"What do we do?" I whispered. "If we can't get out of here, all of us are going to be sold off."
	"I still have a hair stick," Yuxin said suddenly. "We could try to pick the lock."
	"Hair stick?" I blinked. "Mine was taken away."
	"It's a hidden one," Yuxin explained. "It's in my shoe."
	"We should save it for later," I said softly. "It's only us here now. We don't know where they took Brother Gao. We can only wait for them to take us to him."
	A silence fell between us as we sat there in the dark. As the minutes dragged into hours, I began to feel more and more hopeless. After everything that had happened, was this where the three of us were to be forced apart? I had never been truly alone before. In the palace, I had Weiwei and Shen Fanghuan, and before that, Yuxin. Something about the darkness and the bars of the cage made me think back to the palace dungeons. I shivered.
	"I was in a place like this before," Weiwei said quietly.
	I turned to try and find her through the dark.
	"When my father sold me off, I was locked in a cage with a number of other girls. I must have been there for weeks before I was finally sold to the palace as a maid. If I'm correct, our kidnappers will most likely take us and Brother Gao to the place where they keep the rest of the poor people they've kidnapped."
	I placed a hand on her. "You've never mentioned this before."
	I could hear the sad smile in her voice. "It isn't exactly something I'm enthusiastic to talk about."
	Suddenly, the sound of footsteps echoed on the stairs. We all fell silent as the door opened and the innkeeper stepped inside. This time he had another man with him. The two of them came to a stop outside our cage, and I flinched as he raised his lantern.
	"This one is a good value," the second man declared as he pointed at Yuxin. "This one"-he turned to look at me-"also a fairly good value. But this one . . ." he glanced down at Weiwei. "She can do as a servant." Then he turned back to the innkeeper. "I didn't think you had the guts to capture more than one at once."
	I just watched in silence as they looked us over one last time before turning and leaving us alone in the dark again.
	I wasn't sure how long we waited for the innkeeper to return, this time with more men. They unlocked our cage dragged us through the same tunnel we had previously seen him take Gao Yunzhe.
	Even though it was difficult to see far down the tunnel, I could feel the ground slowly begin to slope upward. I didn't have much time to get a better grasp of my surroundings before one of our kidnappers stuffed a sack over my head.
	As we continued to walk, I could suddenly feel the cool air on my skin. We were outside. The next thing I knew, my hands and feet were being bound, and I was being thrown onto something hard. My heart raced in my chest. I could hear horses.
	"Be quiet if you want to stay in one piece," one of our kidnappers warned.
	For a while, I just lay there, my heart thundering away. The seconds dragged into minutes and the minutes into hours.
	After some time, a gruff voice said, "We should get a move on. Martial artists from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect were spotted in the area." Then the world moved as the cart jolted forward. I could sense Weiwei and Yuxin next to me, but all of us remained silent.
	The cart came to a stop hours later, and we were dragged off it. When the sacks were finally removed from our heads, we found ourselves in a barn of sorts. Our kidnappers left us locked inside, and I looked around the room. There were no windows, and the only light came from the slits between the wood.
	"Brother Gao!" Yuxin exclaimed. She hurried over to the corner of the barn where Gao Yunzhe was lying on the dirt. Given that our hands and feet were still bound, our movements were compromised.
	Gao Yunzhe slowly opened his eyes. "Miss Xia?"
	Yuxin turned to me quickly. "Xiyan, the hair stick in my shoe-see if you can grab it and cut our ropes."
	I reached into her shoe with much difficulty. "Ouch!" I suddenly withdrew my hand to find it bleeding. I stared at Yuxin. "That isn't an ordinary hair stick."
	"I have to be able to defend myself, don't I?" Yuxin said tiredly.
	"Let me try again. I'll be more careful this time." True to my word, this time I was able to retrieve the hair stick.
	Yuxin and I sat back to back as I tried my best to cut through her ropes. When the ropes fell away, Yuxin quickly took the hair stick to free me from my own ropes. I got to work untying Weiwei's restraints as Yuxin freed Gao Yunzhe.
	"I've already tried the door," Gao Yunzhe said tiredly. "It doesn't budge, and now I'm covered in bruises."
	"This doesn't seem to be our final destination," Weiwei said quietly.
	Just then, we heard the sound of keys jingling. Yuxin quickly stuffed her hair stick back into her shoe as the door of the barn opened.
	"You!" one of the men standing in the doorway barked at me. "Can you dance?"
	I jumped backward in surprise. "What?"
	"I asked if you can dance," the man repeated impatiently. If the men realized we had untied ourselves, they didn't seem to care.
	"A little bit," I said hesitantly.
	They turned their attention to Yuxin. "What about you?"
	"I'm a dancer," Yuxin said softly.
	"And you?" the man glanced at Weiwei.
	Weiwei was shaking. "I don't know how."
	The men looked at each other before coming to a silent decision. "We'll take her."
	I stared in shock as the men grabbed Weiwei and dragged her out of the barn. "Weiwei!" my legs finally moved as I rushed at the door. But it was locked, and I fell against it hopelessly. "Weiwei!"
	"When they first locked me in here," Gao Yunzhe said, "they mentioned something about a dinner party and having three girls to choose from to entertain the guests." His face was pale.
	"We need to save her," I said tearfully, ramming against the door with my shoulder.
	"Xiyan," Yuxin called. Her voice was higher than usual. "Brother Gao already tried that!"
	Time passed, and I sat by the door in a daze. The light from outside slowly faded as night fell, and it wasn't until very late that night that the door finally opened.
	In the light spilling in from the doorway, I could see Weiwei being shoved inside. She had been changed into a fancy dress. Her hair was coming free of its pins, and her face was painted nearly beyond recognition. "Weiwei!" I dropped to my knees at her side as she toppled to the ground. She reeked of alcohol.
	"Xiyan." Weiwei let out a laugh as she smiled up at me. She draped her arms over my shoulders before letting out a hiccup.
	"What happened?" I clasped Weiwei's hands as I searched her face. "Are you okay?"
	Weiwei giggled as she fell backward to stare up at the ceiling with unfocused eyes. "They made me dance." She hiccupped again. "They said I was an intoxicated maiden. I danced in front of the guests. Then sent me back here."
	Yuxin and Gao Yunzhe moved closer.
	"The Intoxicated Maiden," Yuxin said, quietly. "When I was younger, I had to perform it too. In the brothel, they poured liquor down my throat until I couldn't remember who I was or what was going on. They always selected the worst dancer for the part so they can point and laugh." Yuxin knelt by Weiwei and me. "We should find a place for Weiwei to sleep. Fortunately, it doesn't seem like she was at their mercy for very long."
	"Brothel?" Gao Yunzhe's asked in surprise.
	Yuxin's eyes were sad. "I didn't want you to know. Those were the worst years of my life."
	After Yuxin and I lay Weiwei down in the corner of the barn, we sat in silence for the rest of the night.

~

	When morning came, the kidnappers stuffed sacks over our heads again and threw us back onto the cart. When the bags were removed later, we seemed to be underground again. It took me a moment to realize I was in another cage. Yuxin and Weiwei were still by my side, but Gao Yunzhe had vanished.
	As my eyes slowly adjusted to the low light, I realized with a jolt that we weren't the only people in the room. There were a number of other cages, each of them with three to four young women locked within them.
	"Hey," I said quietly, trying to get the attention of one of the young women in the cage next to ours. "I don't see any men here. Are they locked up somewhere else?"
	One of the young women glanced around before quietly answering, "They're in the room next door. Sometimes I can hear our kidnappers arguing about which of them can be sold as field laborers and which ones can be servants."
	"How long have you been here?" I whispered.
	"A couple of days."
	"Is there a way to escape?"
	The young woman looked panicked. "If there was a way to escape, all of us would be gone already instead of sitting here waiting to be sold!"
	I turned to Yuxin. "Do you still have that hair stick?"
	Yuxin nodded. "I can pick the lock. But then what?"
	I frowned. "That . . . that's something we'll need to think about."
	Footsteps sounded, and I clamped my mouth shut. Voices followed shortly. "The boss wants us to make a sale tomorrow. How about we take the three men in the back?" From the way their voices were slightly muffled, I concluded they were a wall apart from us. "I think we should sell some of the girls too.
	Suddenly, the voices went silent. "Who's there?" one of the men asked in alarm. "I'm warning you, we're armed!"
	Cries of "ghost!" echoed through the space, and I found myself holding my breath.
	"Who are you calling a ghost?" a voice barked. "You idiots, I'm your boss!"
	I found myself unable to pay attention for the rest of their conversation. They had just given me an idea. Yuxin caught my gaze; it seemed she was thinking the same thing. "They must have seen their boss's shadow in a weird light," she whispered. "They're afraid of ghosts."
	"And so," I finished for her, "we should give them a ghost to be afraid of."

~

	I sat in the cage alone. Weiwei and Yuxin had already left to do their parts, and now all I had to do was wait for the commotion to start. I absently rolled Yuxin's hair stick between my fingers. My heart was beating too quickly in my chest.
	The coppery smell of blood still lingered from when Yuxin cut her hand to paint Weiwei's face and clothes red. Weiwei would act as our ghost. When the guards were distracted, Yuxin would free Gao Yunzhe and the other men, while I stayed to help the women.
	Weiwei was frightened by the task, but she was determined to help us escape. I glanced over at where Weiwei was standing in the corner of the room. The shadows from the lanterns cast her in ominous shadows. I glanced back at the staircase before letting out a cry. "Ghost! Someone help!"
	Following my lead, the other women in the room began to cry out in alarm as well. "Ghost!"
	The sound of running footsteps echoed as the men guarding the stairs rushed into the room. The other women and I frantically pointed at Weiwei, who stood in the corner of the room. From a distance, she truly looked frightening. Her dress was stained with blood, her hair tangled, and her makeup smeared.
	The guards hadn't taken more than one look before they were fleeing back up the stairs in pure terror. Once their footsteps vanished, I quickly pushed open the door to my cage and hurried over to pick the locks.
	We waited and waited, but there was still no sign of Yuxin or the men. Finally, I decided to check on them myself. I pushed open the door across from the steps. We couldn't afford to delay freeing the men any longer. After rushing into the room, I went from cage to cage, unlocking them just as I had done in the previous room. It didn't take me long to find Gao Yunzhe.
	"Miss Xia?" Gao Yunzhe blinked at me as I helped him to his feet.
	"Take this!" I thrust Yuxin's hair stick into his hands. "Can you unlock the rest? I need to find Yuxin!"
	Before he could respond, I was hurrying back the way I came. I only just reached the door before I nearly collided with Yuxin.
	"Yuxin!" I exclaimed. "Are you alright? What happened?"
	"There were two men-they pulled me into that corridor over there," she said breathlessly. Then she looked over my shoulder. "You freed the men already."
	I nodded my head. "We have to hurry, I don't know when the guards might return with back up."
	We rushed back toward the stairs where Weiwei was waiting with the women. Her panicked expression turned to relief as Yuxin, Gao Yunzhe, and I emerged with the other men close behind.
	I turned to Yuxin. "Do you think that corridor leads outside?"
	Yuxin had only just opened her mouth when a thundering of footsteps came from the stairs. Ice flooded my soul as all our kidnappers appeared in front of us.
	"Hey!" one of the men pointed at Weiwei. "The ghost isn't actually a ghost! They tricked us!"
	My heart was racing in my chest as I slid into a fighting stance, but then it nearly skipped a beat. There was a flash of movement as a figure dressed in crimson appeared behind them. Our kidnappers barely had time to yell out before they were knocked off their feet.
	"Sister Chen!" I exclaimed.
	Chen Han was at the bottom of the stairs in seconds, and the men lay in a heap behind her. She pointed her sword at them. "I'll give you three seconds to run if you value your lives. Three, two . . ." Before she hit one, all our kidnappers scrambled to their feet and sprinted. Chen Han let out an amused laugh as she sheathed her sword. "At least they're sensible." Then she smiled faintly as Weiwei and I both hugged her tightly. "You're safe now."
	"Is my cousin here too?" Gao Yunzhe asked.
	Chen Han nodded. "He's waiting at the top of the stairs to catch those human traffickers."
	"Sister Chen." I let out a sob. "We never should have gone off on our own."
	Chen Han gave me a gentle smile. "Let's get out of here first. We can talk about this again when we get home."
	Everything that happened next blurred together. Ultimately, Fei Ziyi brought us back to the residence, while Chen Han stayed behind to hand over the traffickers and their victims to the local government officials. During the days that Chen Han had yet to return, Gao Yunzhe stayed with us, but he made it clear that once the heroine in red returned, he would take his leave again. This time, Fei Ziyi announced that he'd accompany his cousin to make sure he arrived safely at his destination.
	The four of us were still shaken from what had happened, but after a few days, things started to feel like they were returning to normal. Before long, Chen Han returned, and we bid our farewells to the cousins. After watching their retreating figures for a few minutes, the four of us turned to head back inside the walls of the residence.
	A heavy layer of clouds cloaked the sky in gray, with rain threatening in the distance. Fortunately, we were back indoors before the downpour began. I took my bath, then sat in our room, absently running a comb through my damp hair while listening to the patter of rain outside.
	There was a soft sound of a door opening, and I turned to watch Yuxin step into the room. I set my comb down before walking over to her. "Yuxin," I said quietly.
	Yuxin was drenched from head to toe, and her knees were covered in mud. She was still wearing the purple dress, which now looked as if it had seen better days. "Xiyan."
	"I heard Sister Chen scolding you," I said softly. "Yuxin, she didn't want us to be killers."
	"What was I supposed to do?" Yuxin said as rain continued to drip down her hair and face. "If I hadn't killed them, they would have killed me. They wanted to sell us, Xiyan. They wanted to sell us and Brother Gao."
	"I know." Yuxin blinked in surprise as I wrapped my arms around her in a tight embrace. "I'm just glad you're alive." I finally released her. "I know you wanted to be the one to help Brother Gao, but we really couldn't afford to delay any longer."
	Yuxin just smiled sadly. "I'll admit that I'm jealous of you, Xiyan."
	"Jealous?"
	"At least at the palace, you had Weiwei. Before, all I ever wanted was to be respected. But today the only thing I wanted was for Brother Gao to glance at me a few more times."
	Before I could think of an answer, the door to the room opened again, and Weiwei stepped inside. She furrowed her brow as she looked at us. "Is everything alright?"
	"I'll be back later," Yuxin said shortly. "I still need to wash up." I watched as she turned on her heel and glided out of the room.
      Weiwei walked over to our beds and took a seat. She began to run her fingers through her hair, and I picked up a comb to help her. "Xiyan," Weiwei began, turning to look back at me.
	I gently turned her head back. "Weiwei, my good sister, Yuxin and I are getting along fine."
	Weiwei let out a sigh. "Alright."
	After blowing out the lazily flickering candles around the room, I returned to Weiwei. "Are you going to sleep now?"
      She nodded tiredly. "If Yuxin comes back while I'm asleep, tell her I wish her goodnight."
      I sat there in the dark, listening to the rain for a while; it was the only sound in the silent world beyond. But as the minutes slowly melted into hours, Yuxin did not return.
    

    Chapter Sixteen

	When I awoke in the morning, it was still raining. I changed into my day clothes and tied my hair up into a ponytail. I glanced around. My eyes fell on the pile of purple fabric in the corner. I crouch down in front of it. It looked like Yuxin had done her best to clean it, but the bloodstains on it were still visible against the dark fabric. I sighed. It looked like the dress really was ruined this time.
      Weiwei was still asleep, and I silently made my way out of the room so as not to wake her. I went downstairs to find Chen Han and Yuxin sitting at the table. Yuxin turned around and greeted me.
	"Yuxin!" I said, hurrying over to take the seat across from her. "How are you today?"
	Yuxin offered me a smile. "I ended up having a couple of drinks last night. When I returned, you were already asleep. I didn't mean to make you worry."
	I returned the smile. "As long as you're fine, that's all that matters." Then I turned to look at Chen Han. "And the two of you . . .?"
	Yuxin reached across the table to place a hand on mine. "Sister Chen and I made breakfast together. We talked things out. She was right to scold me. I learned my lesson."
      I nodded, relieved. I looked to the heroine in red again. "How many days do you think Fei Ziyi is going to be away?"
	Chen Han thoughtfully rested her chin on her hands. "I'd say two weeks to a month at most. When it comes to traveling, he should know all the roads as well as I do. Anyways, I think it's about time I send the three of you out to take on jobs. With your skills, I think you can take on the smaller ones. You can't rely on me for money forever."
	I exchanged a glance with Yuxin. "Sister Chen, maybe you have a little too much faith in us."
	Weiwei appeared on the stairs with tired eyes, and she joined us at the table. "Why didn't anyone wake me? Did I miss anything important?"
	"Sister Chen thinks we're ready to start taking on jobs," Yuxin informed her.
	Weiwei looked at the heroine in red. "Really?"
	"I think you can do it," Chen Han said confidently. "How about later today I'll take you to one of the towns requesting help? They'll pay you to help complete the tasks."
	I let out a sigh. "We'll do our best."
	
~

	I stood next to Yuxin and Weiwei as we gazed out over the small farm in front of us. Yuxin gave me an exasperated look as I determinedly rolled up my sleeves. "The first job we have is to pull weeds?"
	"The farmer sprained his wrist," I said as I crouched down. "I thought we might as well start with something that won't with us going face to face with something dangerous."
	Over the next couple of weeks, the three of us took on a number of similar jobs, along with some more dangerous ones. Some of these involved protecting trading carts from bandits and tracking down stolen livestock.
      But one day, things didn't go as smoothly as we hoped. As Weiwei, Yuxin, and I crashed through a bamboo forest, chasing after a band of fleeing thieves, we heard a whooshing sound from overhead. Arrows zipped through the air, and I skidded to a stop as they hit the thieves in the legs. The thieves toppled over, hissing in pain. I whirled and raised my sword in front of me as two young men emerged from the fog.
	"You're martial artists," one of the men called out to us. "Which sect do you belong to?"
	I exchanged glances with Weiwei and Yuxin.
	"Sect?" Yuxin called back. "We don't belong to any sect."
	I eyed the young men. Judging by their outfits, they appeared to be martial artists as well. Both were dressed in tawny brown, with their dark hair tied back.
	"No sect?" The men exchanged a glance.
	One of them took a step forward and greeted us respectfully. "Forgive us. Tensions have been rising, and recently the Fire Sea Abyss Sect has been trying to steal all of our jobs. We thought you might be from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect, so-"
	"I've heard the name before," Weiwei said. "There's the Fire Sea Abyss Sect and the-what's it called again?"
	"Owl and Aspen Sect," the second young man said proudly. Though his companion seemed a couple of years older than Yuxin, Weiwei, and me, the second martial artist couldn't have been any older than us.
	"That's it!" Weiwei said triumphantly. "The Fire Sea Abyss Sect and the Owl and Aspen Sect are currently the two most well-known sects in the martial arts world."
	"Now that we've got that cleared up," the first man said, "the three of you can take the thieves back to claim the reward money. Apologies again."
	Suddenly, there was a rustling from the bamboo, and three figures appeared. Each of them was dressed in fiery orange, and they all wore the same sneer on their faces. "Looks like we found some puny birds," the young man at the front of the group drawled. "We'll be taking that reward money, thank you very much."
	The first young man from the Owl and Aspen Sect frowned. "The money isn't yours to take. These young ladies are the ones who took on the job."
	"They don't belong to your silly bird sect?"
	"Leave them alone. Stealing from us is one thing, but you shouldn't steal from those who aren't involved in our sect conflicts."
	The young man from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect eyed us up and down. "I guess they don't look like they're from the bird sect."
	"They aren't," said the second man from Owl and Aspen. His hand went to the hilt of his sword. "Just let them claim the reward money. It's not yours. Don't make us fight you over it."
	"Fight?" called one of the other Fire Sea Abyss members. "We've been itching for an opportunity to make you stupid birds know your place!"
	There was the sound of swords being drawn, and then the members from the two sects pointed their blades at each other.
	"Wait!" I called as I hurried forward to stand between them. "Don't fight! If you want the reward money, you can have it! It would be silly to have someone lose their life over something like this."
	"Move, girl!" The man standing in front of his fellow Fire Sea Abyss members shoved me out of the way. Despite my offer, the sound of clashing blades filled the otherwise silent forest before I could protest.
	Even though the two young men from the Owl and Aspen Sects were obviously skilled martial artists, they were still outnumbered three to two. Finally, the fighting halted as one of the young men from the Owl and Aspen Sect toppled to the ground. His sword clattered to the dirt next to him as he clasped his bleeding leg.
	"Tian Yong!" The second Owl and Aspen member quickly kneeled beside his fallen companion. "Tian Yong, are you alright?" Then he glared at the three Fire Sea Abyss Sect. "You've gone too far!"
	The Fire Sea Abyss members just smirked as they sheathed their swords. "We'll be taking that money. How about you birds stay away from us." With that said, they grabbed the thieves, forced them to their feet, and strode back into the fog from which they had emerged.
	The second Owl and Aspen member drew his crossbow and aimed it at their retreating figures, but he quickly tossed it aside when Tian Yong let out a pained hiss.
	I quickly knelt next to Tian Yong as well. "Are you alright?" I asked worriedly. He had rolled up his pant leg to reveal a deep gash just below his knee.
	"How dare they!" the other young man glowered. "I'll-"
	"Yao Jie," Tian Yong said, pained, "it's fine. It's not like they severed any of my limbs. But my leg . . . I think it might be broken."
	"Where's the closest physician?" Yao Jie asked anxiously as he tried to help Tian Yong to his feet. "We're not familiar with this area."
	"I'll show you the way," I said, stepping forward to help Yao Jie lift Tian Yong. Before long, Tian Yong had one arm around my shoulder and the other around Yao Jie's. Weiwei knelt down to pick up the swords and crossbows they had discarded, and then we were on our way.
      When we finally arrived at the physician's store, Tian Yong was taken to the back room, while the rest of us were told to wait at the front.
	"How long have you been practicing martial arts?" I decided to ask Yao Jie in an attempt to break the heavy silence pressing down on us.
	"Over ten years," Yao Jie said shortly. His posture was tense, and he kept his eyes glued to the door of the back room for any signs of movement.
	"Why are the two sects at odds?" I questioned.
	Yao Jie folded his arms over his chest. "The Fire Sea Abyss Sect has always seen us as their rivals. They want to be number one in the martial arts world, and as long as our Owl and Aspen Sect exists, they can only ever be tied with us. They started stealing all the help requests in the area in an attempt to prevent us from making money. So now we've got to go out even farther to try and find work that they haven't taken already."
	Weiwei frowned. "They don't seem to behave fairly."
	Yao Jie scoffed. "They really don't. I just hope our two sects don't actually go to war against each other. If that were to happen, it's really hard to say who would win or if any of us would survive it at all."
	I fell silent at that.
	The door to the back room creaked open, and we all turned to watch the physician escort Tian Yong out. "I've cleaned and dressed his wound," the physician told us. "As for the broken bone . . . he needs to rest and stay off his leg until it has healed."
	Yao Jie leaped to his feet and hurried over to steady Tian Yong.
	The two martial artists exchanged a glance. "Are there any inns around here?" Tian Yong asked. "We happen to be very far from home."
	"We don't have the money to stay at an inn long enough for your leg to heal," Yao Jie said worriedly. "I wouldn't risk trying to travel back. Is there anywhere cheaper we can stay?"
	"You can stay with us," I offered.
      Weiwei nodded along. "That way, you don't have to spend any money."
	"Really?" Yao Jie's head snapped over to look at us. Then he smiled in relief. "Thank you."
	Yao Jie and I helped support Tian Yong as he limped down the path outside. Fortunately, it wasn't raining, and the sky high above was a shade of brilliant blue.
	"I don't think we've introduced ourselves yet," I said as we walked. "I'm Xia Xiyan. Xia Yuxin is on our left, and behind her is Hu Qiuwei."
	Tian Yong looked at me and Yuxin. "Sisters?"
	I nodded my head.
	"We haven't properly introduced ourselves either," Yao Jie noted. "I'm Yao Jie, and this is Tian Yong."
	Yuxin walked over to me and lowered her voice. "Do you think Sister Chen is going to appreciate us bringing these martial artists to her residence?"
	"Who's Sister Chen?" Tian Yong asked curiously.
	"She's our teacher," I answered proudly.
	Tian Yong offered me a strained smile. "I hope we're not too much trouble. If we are, we can try and find an inn to stay at-"
	"You're not too much trouble," I interjected. "It would feel wrong not to help you after you tried to reason with the Fire Sea Abyss Sect for us."
	When we reached the wall surrounding Chen Han's residence, Yuxin pushed the doors open. After we helped Tian Yong over the high threshold, we helped him limp toward the house at the back of the yard.
	There was a rush of crimson fabric, and then Chen Han was standing in front of us. "You brought guests?"
	Tian Yong's eyes widened. "You're Chen Han! Wu Ren's student!"
	Yao Jie blinked at his friend in surprise. "You know her? How come I don't know of a Chen Han?"
	"You've got to know of Wu Ren though, don't you?" Tian Yong said as his words spilled out in a rush.
	"Of course I know of Hero Wu-"
	"Chen Han is one of his students!" Tian Yong tried to greet Chen Han with a bow, but then stopped when his injured leg nearly gave out.
	"This is Tian Yong and Yao Jie from the Owl and Aspen Sect," I explained. "They were attacked by the Fire Sea Abyss Sect after trying to help us, and Tian Yong was injured."
	A smile tugged on the corners of Chen Han's red-painted lips. "I see. If they want to stay here and recuperate, be my guest. But if they want me to join the war between the sects, I'm going to have to kick them out."
	"Trust us when we say that we're not here to rope you into the conflict," Yao Jie said with a stressed frown. "We just need a place where Tian Yong can recover."
	"You can use the study as a room to recover," Chen Han said as she turned. "I'll get it ready."
	"Thank you!" Tian Yong and Yao Jie chorused.
	Once we helped Tian Yong into the study, Weiwei went to prepare some food. After determining that Tian Yong needed some time to rest, Yuxin and I offered to show Yao Jie around the yard.
	"I've heard of Wu Ren," Yao Jie said as he followed us outside. "He was a master in his own right. I never thought I'd see the place he used to live with my own eyes."
      When we finished our tour around the yard, the three of us took a seat on the front porch of the house. "The weather's nice today," I commented absently as I stared up at the sky.
	"It is nice," Yao Jie agreed. "Again, I'm really sorry to have to disturb all of you here. Once Tian Yong can walk properly again, we'll be gone."
	"It's fine, really," I tried to reassure him.
	Yao Jie let out a sigh. "I'm trying to calculate how much money I can make if I were to sell some of my belongings. I can't sell the crossbows-they belong to our Owl and Aspen Sect. My sword . . . I can't really sell that either. If someone attacks, then what do I do? I have this, though." I looked on as Yao Jie produced a jade pendant from his belt. "I could pawn this."
	Yao Jie held out the pendant for us to examine. I shook my head. "That looks important to you." 
	Yuxin nodded in agreement. "I wouldn't pawn that. You wouldn't be able to get it back."
	Yao Jie sighed again as he refastened the pendant to his belt. Then his expression darkened. "If you didn't offer to help shelter us for the time being, I probably would have had to sell it. This pendant is important to me, but it's not worth anything if my friend loses his leg. The Fire Sea Abyss Sect has gone too far this time."
	"I never thought the martial art sects would be like this," I said sadly.
	"The Fire Sea Abyss Sect wants to be first," Yao Jie explained tiredly. "They'll do anything, even if it means playing dirty. They don't deserve to be first. And what they've done to Tian Yong . . . Well, if he can't practice martial arts, he'll be devastated. I just wish there was something I could do." Something like sadness flickered behind his eyes as he looked at his jade pendant again. "I don't want to see Tian Yong in pain. I wish there was something I could do to make him happier. But I'm useless."
	"I couldn't help but overhear your conversation," Weiwei said, and the three of us turned around to find her standing behind us.
	"How's Tian Yong?" Yao Jie asked quickly.
	"He's just gone to sleep," Weiwei said as she took a seat next to me. "He claimed he wasn't hungry when I brought him food, but he ended up eating it all anyway."
	After nodded in relief, Yao Jie rose to his feet, brushed invisible specks of dust from his clothes, and announced, "I'm going to go practice with my sword."
	Yuxin rose to her feet as well. "I'm going to find Sister Chen."
	"I'll come with you," I said.
	"Me too," Weiwei added.
	The three of us walked through the house, searching for the heroine in red. We checked the first floor and looked out over the yard from the second-story walkway, but Chen Han was nowhere to be seen.
	"Did she go out?" Weiwei asked uncertainly as we watched Yao Jie practicing in the yard. His sword was a flash of metal.
	Suddenly, there was a sound from the room behind us, and the three of us turned in surprise as the doors to Wu Ren's room slid open to reveal Chen Han. She flashed us a smile as she leaned against the doorframe. "Looking for me?"
	Weiwei stood on her tiptoes, trying to peer around Chen Han's shoulders to look at the room beyond. "Sister Chen, what are you doing in Hero Wu's room?"
	"I come here once a week to keep the dust from gathering," she said simply. "Would you like to take a look?"
	I nodded eagerly. Ever since I arrived here over a year ago, I had never entered Wu Ren's room. I had to admit, I was curious to see if there was anything inside that would give a clue to what kind of person Wu Ren was. The door was always closed whenever I passed by during the day, and this opportunity was too good to pass up.
	Chen Han stepped aside and invited into the room. Once inside, I looked around in awe at the number of book-filled shelves lining the room.
	"My master loved to read stories," Chen Han said wistfully as she followed my gaze. "He would read tales of heroes who fought against the evilest of evils. My master always hoped that our world could be more like the worlds depicted in these stories."
	Weiwei let out a sigh. "I wish I could have gotten a chance to meet Hero Wu."

~	

	As the week went by, I found myself growing more and more accustomed to Yao Jie and Tian Yong's presence. At night, Chen Han, Yuxin, and Yao Jie would all go up to the roof to drink, and during that time, Weiwei and I would be left alone in our room.
	Weiwei was sitting by the window, staring out into the night when I entered. I had just finished my bath, and the chill from the cool wind made me wrap my arms around myself. "Weiwei," I said through chattering teeth as I took a seat next to her. "You're not cold?"
	Weiwei turned to look at me. "What? Oh." She shut the window.
	"I'm sorry, Weiwei. I seemed to have interrupted an important thought of yours."
	Weiwei shook her head. "No, no, it's fine."
	My smile faltered as Weiwei continued to look at me. "Is everything alright?"
	"What?" She quickly looked away. "Of course. Everything's fine."
	I angled my head to the side but didn't push it. "I'm going to sleep," I said after a moment. "If there's anything you want to talk about, just wake me up, okay?"
	Weiwei nodded. "Goodnight, Xiyan."
      I smiled.
      
    

    Chapter Seventeen

	"Look!" Yao Jie grinned as he held up a poster for Weiwei, Yuxin, and me to see. "I managed to grab a job before the Fire Sea Abyss Sect got to it! The villagers agreed to give me a week before sending out another request."
	Yuxin frowned slightly at the poster. "A murder case? Are you sure you can take it on by yourself? What if the culprit is dangerous?"
	Yao Jie gave us a knowing wink. "That's where the three of you come in. You're learning martial arts, aren't you?"
	I exchanged a glance with Yuxin. "We are. We might know enough to deal with people who don't know any martial arts, but if someone at your level was our opponent, we'd still lose even with three to one."
	"It's possible that the culprit doesn't know martial arts," Yao Jie suggested. "Apparently, all of the victims so far were stabbed to death with a dull knife."
	"Maybe we should ask Sister Chen to help us out," Weiwei said quietly.
	Yao Jie shook his head. "If we all leave the house, who will make sure nothing happens to Tian Yong? Besides, I can't just crash at your teacher's residence and then make her do tasks for me. I'll split the reward money with the three of you. How does that sound?"
	"I'm in," I said as I took a step forward. "I'll do my best to help."
	"And us," said Weiwei and Yuxin.
	Once the four of us were ready to set off, we regrouped in the yard. We hadn't even started toward the exit when Chen Han appeared on the balcony of the house. She leaned against the railings as she looked down at us. "Where are you off to?"
	"Yao Jie found a job to take," Weiwei called up to her. "We're acting as his back up."
	Chen Han nodded. "Keep an eye on Yuxin, will you?"
	"Don't worry!" Yao Jie called. "I'll make sure your students are safe. If things get dangerous, I promise I'll send them back right away."
	Once we started down the path, I fell into pace at Yuxin's side. "I think she's reminding you not to do anything dangerous."
	Yuxin raised her head to the sky. A breeze picked up, sending her dark hair fluttering around her. "She can afford to let her attackers live. She has the skill to do so. But we're different."
	I sighed. "I get what you mean. What Sister Chen says is reasonable, but you also have a point."
	"I couldn't help overhearing your conversation," Yao Jie said. "Unfortunately, death is very common in the martial arts world. As a martial artist, fighting and killing is inevitable. Danger is around every corner. But if it wasn't for us, who would help defend the people? Who would help uphold justice? Every emperor is just like their predecessor-they all turn a blind eye."
	We walked in silence until I decided to speak up again. "Between you and Tian Yong, who's martial arts are more advanced?"
	"Tian Yong, of course," Yao Jie answered. "He's two years older than me. He also started training two years before I did. I work hard, but even though we've been traveling together for years now, I'm still a little kid in Tian Yong's eyes." He dropped his gaze. "I don't want to be that little kid anymore. I'll grow up quickly, but he'll be a hero in his own right in no time. I'm afraid he won't be able to wait for me. I'm afraid I won't be able to keep up."
	After renting horses, the four of us were galloping along the main road. By the time we arrived at the village that placed the help request, the sun had dropped from the sky.
	Yao Jie got us a room at an inn, and then we parted ways. Even though it was getting late, Yao Jie and Yuxin decided to start investigating, while Weiwei and I opted to stay in the room to rest.
	"Sister Chen told us to keep an eye on Yuxin," Weiwei said softly. I was sitting by the window, and I turned to look over at her. "What are your thoughts on that?"
	I frowned faintly. "If I was in the same situation as Yuxin, I don't know what I would have done."
	"How did Yuxin kill her attackers? I don't remember her ever picking up a weapon. I don't think she'll say it out loud, but I think she felt hurt when Sister Chen made her kneel in the rain."
	"I think Sister Chen is being hard on Yuxin," I said with a sigh. "I don't know who to side with. I don't want to take sides."
	"We should get some sleep," Weiwei said after a long pause. "It's been a long journey."
	I nodded as Weiwei scooted over to make room for me on the bed. "I'll sleep."
	I didn't realize just how tired I was until exhaustion crashed into me. I wasn't sure when I entered the dream, but I recognized the tall stone walls that rose around me. I squinted against the sunlight as the wind swept delicate pink petals over the wall. This was the palace.
	"Xiyan!" a voice called.
	I turned around to find Shen Fanghuan running toward me.
	My eyes widened. "Fanghuan!" I sprinted toward him, and the two of us met halfway in a tight embrace.
	Shen Fanghuan held me tightly. "I haven't seen you in days. Have the Li sisters returned? Are they keeping you busy?"
	I just shook my head and finally pulled back to look at his face. Shen Fanghuan's eyes were full of concern as they held my gaze. I let my face relax into a smile. "I'm here now, aren't I?"
	Shen Fanghuan smiled as well as he nodded. "Oh, that's right. I have something for you."
	I blinked. "Another flower?"
	Shen Fanghuan shook his head, then produced a small pouch from one of his pockets and held it out to me. "These are flower seeds. I know we can only meet sparingly, so during the time we're apart, now you can grow your own flowers."
	My eyes stung as I let out a laugh. Smiling through my tears, I reached out to take the pouch from him. But just before my fingers could close around it, Shen Fanghuan vanished.
	I stood there alone in the palace corridor. The silence was pressing down on me. Slowly crouching down, I wrapped my arms around my body. I was shaking, and it was then that I caught a glimpse of my shadow on the stones. That wasn't the shadow of a young woman. It was the shadow of a demon.
	Startled, my eyes snapped open. The bright sky of the palace was gone, and instead, I was back in the dark inn room with Weiwei fast asleep beside me. I slowly sat up, and for a while, I sat there as silent tears trickled down the sides of my face.

~

	"Here's what Xia Yuxin and I learned about the murders from our inquiries last night," Yao Jie informed us as we ate breakfast at one of the street stalls. "The murderer seems to only target families of three. Either a parent is murdered or their child is murdered. All of the cases have happened at night. The murderer is very stealthy-the other members in the house are never alerted to his presence until they wake up to find one of their family members deceased. Some of the villagers have come to the conclusion that it's the work of a ghost, but I don't believe it."
	I glanced over at Yao Jie. "You don't believe in ghosts?"
	Yao Jie shook his head. "Whenever Tian Yong and I investigate horrible cases, in the end, it's always the work of a human. Even if ghosts really do exist in our world, they aren't the ones causing us the most grief, are they?"
	"Do you have a plan to catch the murderer?" Yuxin asked.
	Yao Jie frowned, deep in thought. "Not yet. The most recent murder was three days ago. I would recommend us keeping an eye on all the families of three in the village, but I'm worried that if we split up, the murderer might be too skilled for just one of us to apprehend. Besides, I promised your teacher I wouldn't let you do anything too dangerous. We might as well start with finding out how many families of three are left in the village and make a plan from there."
	The three of us spent most of the day asking around. The village was small, and it didn't take us long to identify the village leaders. That night, we were sitting in a small restaurant, joined by a middle-aged man.
      "I'm the one who posted the help request," he said tiredly. "Our village is small, and when I reported the murders to the local government, they seemed to ignore the issue altogether. That's why my only choice was to turn to martial artists for help."
	"We'll do our best," Yao Jie said determinedly. "Mr. Gu, you can count on us."
	We finished our meal and were on our way back to our inn when a scream cut through the otherwise quiet night.
	We instantly grabbed our swords and rushed toward the source of the cry. A crowd had already gathered around the house, and they parted for us as Yao Jie hurried to the front of the group. He scanned the fearful faces. "What happened here?"
	"There's been another murder," one of the villagers said tearfully. "It's poor Mrs. Pei."
	Over the hushed murmurs from the crowd, I could hear the sound of crying from within the house. "Mother!" a child was wailing.
	I exchanged a glance with Yao Jie and the others. Yao Jie nodded grimly before stepping forward and knocking on the door. "My name's Yao Jie," he called through the wood. "I'm from the Owl and Aspect sect, and I'm here to help catch the murderer."
	The door opened a few moments later to reveal a man. His eyes were red, and he wiped his tears away with a sleeve. "Please, come inside."
	I followed Yao Jie over the threshold, and my heart clenched in my chest at the scene in front of me. From my side, I could hear Weiwei inhale sharply.
	A woman was lying on the floor, her clothes stained with blood. A child no more than five years old knelt by her side. "Mother!" she cried. "Wake up!"
	"We're here to investigate," Yao Jie said quietly. "Would it be alright if we look for any traces the murder could have left behind?"
	The man silently nodded.
	Yao Jie looked at Weiwei, Yuxin, and me. Even though I was horrified, I stepped forward to examine the woman's corpse. Yuxin crouched down next to me as we examined the wounds. "She was stabbed multiple times with a dull blade," she said softly. "She was stabbed four times in the chest, and then she has three slashes on her forearms."
	"The ones on her forearms most likely came from trying to protect herself," Yao Jie said grimly. While Yuxin and I continued to examine the body, Weiwei and Yao Jie looked around the house. Yao Jie opened each window and peered outside before closing them again. "It's too dark to see if there's any tracks. But given that none of the windows have been damaged or have any blood on them, we shouldn't rule out the front door. Sir, did you return home to find your wife like this? I know you're hurting right now, but please try your best to answer my questions. The more in depth your answers are, the more clues we have to go on to figure out who the murder is."
	The man nodded as he wiped his eyes again. "I just returned home with my daughter. But once we stepped inside, she was already like this."
	"When did you leave?"
	"Shortly before lunch."
	"And when did you get back?"
	"Less than an hour ago. My daughter started crying and attracted the attention of the other villagers. That's when the crowd gathered outside, and I shut the door to try to give our family some privacy."
	"What does your wife do during the day?"
	"She stays home to take care of the house, but in the early mornings she works outside tending our crops."
	Yao Jie furrowed his brow. "Do you usually leave the house with your daughter at the same time of day?"
      The man shook his head. "My daughter usually stays at home with my wife. My wife seemed tired today, so I decided to take my daughter with me."
      "The murderer must have entered the house on a whim," I told Yuxin under my breath. "But to know that both the father and daughter were out, they have to know everyone in the village. They must be a village local."
      Yuxin nodded. "Whoever the murderer is, they're probably still in the village."
      "But why would they do this?" I shook my head as I stared at the woman's body. I wrapped my arms around myself as I slowly rose to my feet. When I looked at the knife marks, I could almost feel them on my own body.
      "Thank you for your time," Yao Jie finally said to the man. "My friends and I will return tomorrow morning to look around outside."
      By the time the four of us exited the house, the crowd outside had dispersed. Once we were back in our inn room, Yuxin asked, "Do you often take on murder cases?"
      "Tian Yong and I have taken on a number of them over the past couple of years," Yao Jie said thoughtfully. "Normally, Tian Yong does the questioning. I just act as his back up. How do you think I did?"
      "Very well," I said.
      Yao Jie must have sensed that the three of us were still shaken because he offered us a smile. "Actually, I heard the two of you talking about how the murderer must still be in the village. I also think that. The murderer knows who all the families of three are and where they live. When we check it for clues tomorrow, we'll keep our eyes peeled for any footprints. With that said, there's a high chance that we won't be able to find anything. If the murderer is smart, he'll have already covered his tracks. The best thing to do is get all the remaining families of three to stay in one place until the murderer is found."
      I couldn't sleep well that night. First, I dreamed of being locked in the palace dungeons. Then I dreamed of being locked in the underground cages the human traffickers used. And then I dreamed of the woman who died. So this was what death looks like.
      My eyes opened to the darkness. I was still lying between Weiwei and Yuxin, but now I was shaking. In the demon realm, I had lived among a number of creatures made of pure nightmare, but none of their forms compared to the thought of death. Death scared me. It wasn't my death that scared me, but the thought of Weiwei, Yuxin, Chen Han, or anyone else I cared about looking the way the woman lying on the floor had-lifeless, still, cold. The body was still here, but the person was gone.
      Was that what Shen Fanghuan looked like when he died? My nails dug into my skin. For a while, I stared unseeingly at the ceiling.
      "Can't sleep?" A voice drew me from my thoughts, and I blinked through the dark to find Yao Jie standing by the door. "Come with me."
      I silently climbed out of bed and followed him outside. We walked down the hallway, and he pushed open the window at the end. After climbing out, he helped me onto the roof, and within minutes, the two of us were sitting under the cloudy sky.
      Yao Jie let out a sigh as he rolled out his neck. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought you to this village."
      I shook my head as I clasped my hands together. "I want to be here. I want to bring the murderer to justice." I was shivering, but I wasn't completely sure if it was from the cold.
      Yao Jie offered me a sad smile before looking up at the sky. Leaning back, he let the dull moonlight wash over his face. "Lonely, isn't it? You and I could be sitting right next to each other, and yet the one we think about is out of reach."
      I nodded quietly, and for a while, the two of us sat there in silence.
      
~

	"Look!" Yao Jie said triumphantly, pointing to the footprints in the dirt. "There are tracks leading up to the window! The interesting part is how they only lead away from the house. The murderer must have entered through the front door and then escaped through the window. Lucky for us, our murderer seems to be either amateur enough not to cover his tracks-or just confident enough that no one will find him."
	The four of us followed the tracks as far as we could before they vanished into the grass just beyond the village.
	"They couldn't have left the village, right?" I frowned as I watched how the tracks stopped once they got to the grass.
	"Judging from the size of the prints," Yao Jie observed, "the murderer is male. Given that his steps aren't very close, and the impressions are shallow, he's probably quite tall and thin. Let's go back to the inn. I'll draw a picture of what he might look like, then we'll ask Mr. Gu if there's anyone in the village that could have a similar build to the murderer."
	That afternoon, the four of us were sitting around the table in Mr. Gu's house. The middle-aged man stroked his beard thoughtfully as he looked at the drawing Yao Jie held out to him. "I know everyone in this village, and there's no one like that."
	Yao Jie blinked in surprise. "That can't be, can it? Whenever Tian Yong and I speculate what the murderer must look like from the clues he's left behind, I always come close when drawing his likeness." He shook his head in defeat as he set the drawing down. "If only Tian Yong was here." Then he looked at Mr. Gu again. "Do you think we could trouble you to gather all the families of three and have them stay at the inn until the murderer is found? I don't think the inn keeper will give them a hard time given that everyone in the village knows by now that there's a murderer in their midst."
	"This . . ." Mr. Gu looked worried. "There's only three families of three left in the village. Two of the three have locked themselves in their homes in the hopes that the murderer won't kill them."
	Yao Jie offered him a smile. "I'll go talk to them."
      After the four of us left Mr. Gu's house, we hadn't gone far before a wooden ball flew through the air, and Yuxin had to jump to the side to avoid it colliding with her. The four of us whirled in surprise to find a group of children staring at us with guilty expressions. One of the children hurried forward. "Pretty sister," he said rapidly as he looked up at Yuxin, "I'm so sorry. That idiot in the back doesn't have any eyes!" He pointed at a young boy with baggy clothes who silently stood toward behind group. "Just say the word and I'll go beat him up for you right now!"
	"That's not necessary," Yuxin said quickly.
	I exchanged a glance with Weiwei. There was something suspicious about the boy at the back of the group. The boy seemed to notice our eyes on him because he stiffened. Then he turned on his heel and ran.
      "Wait!" I called.
	The young boy was fast, but Yao Jie was faster.
	The boy looked around helplessly as the four of us blocked off his escape path. "Why did you run?" Yao Jie asked the boy.
	"He ran because he's the murderer," Yuxin interjected with a gasp. "Look at his shoes! They're too big for him-hence why we were led to believe they belonged to an adult."
	The boy just silently glared up at us.
	"Are you really the murderer?" Weiwei asked.
	The boy just shook his head.
	"Can you talk?" I asked.
	The boy shook his head again.
	"Do you know who the murderer is?"
	The boy nodded.
	Yao Jie exchanged a look with me before turning back to the boy. "Can you tell us?"
	The boy motioned for us to follow him. Within minutes, we were back in front of the group of children playing ball. The boy pointed to one of the boys in the group, and I immediately recognized him as the one who had apologized to Yuxin.
	I blinked in surprise. "Him?"
	Yao Jie was frowning thoughtfully. "Do you have any evidence?"
	The boy shook his head.
	Yao Jie crouched down so he could talk to the child face to face. "Does that boy over there bully you?"
	The boy nodded.
	Yao Jie straightened. "Until we can figure out who the murderer is for sure, I think it's for the best if we keep both children in the inn."

~

	True to his word, that night we had both boys, as well as the remaining families of three, all in separate inn rooms. Yao Jie locked the doors of each child's room, and the four of us patrolled the halls. Two nights passed without any commotion, but on the third night, the silence was broken.
	The sound of something crashing came from one of the rooms. Yao Jie and I were the closest to the noise, and we sprinted toward the room. Yao Jie fumbled with the keys until finally the lock fell away and the doors flew open. The innkeeper joined us, and the three of us hurried into the room.
	The boy in the baggy clothes was lying on the floor, bleeding onto the wood. Horrified, I hurried forward and knelt by his side. The boy just lifted a shaky hand and pointed toward the open window.
	"Oh no!" Yao Jie exclaimed. "He's climbing through the windows from the outside!" The second the words left his mouth, a commotion sounded from one of the rooms down the hall.
	I desperately turned to the innkeeper. "Can you find him a doctor?"
	The innkeeper nodded.
	A moment later, I was on my feet. I looked to Yao Jie, only to find that he had set his sword aside and dropped to his knees next to the bleeding child. "Go," he called to me. His face was pale.
      I didn't need to be told twice and hurried out the door. When I entered the other room, I found Yuxin with the other boy. Yuxin had tied his hands behind his back, and Weiwei stood guarding the door. The family of three was huddled in the corner of the room, and my gaze fell on the bloodied knife lying on the wood between them.
	I sheathed my sword. "Why are you killing people?"
	The boy just sneered at me from behind the sword Yuxin had placed at his neck. "They say that obsession can turn one into a demon. Let me become a demon and be feared by all!"
	"Why are you killing people?" Yuxin repeated. "Why are you destroying families of three?"
	The boy wiped away the splattered blood on his face with a sleeve. "I still haven't finished my mission."
	I looked at him, pained. "Just how many families do you have to destroy until you've had enough?"
	"All of them!" the boy yelled. "Why couldn't I have had a happy family? My parents didn't want me. They hurt me. So I killed them. I'll kill all of them!"
	"Let's lock him up," I raised my voice to be heard over the boy's screams of "I'll kill you too!" Then I turned to Weiwei. "I think we should find some rope. It's best if he can't run this time."
	We bound the boy tightly and locked him in an unoccupied room. As we stood guard, waiting to hear from Mr. Gu, Weiwei turned to me quietly. "I didn't think the murderer would be a child. But it all makes sense now. All the slashes on that woman's body were no higher than her stomach-no higher than a child's reach. And the shoes . . . once he reached the grass, he must have taken them off. It would have been very difficult to see the marks of his bare feet in the tall grass."
	Suddenly, there was the sound of hurried footsteps, and we saw Mr. Gu hurrying toward us. He came to a stop, clutching his side. "I just finished investigating the two children. Our culprit is named Xiao Ming. Ever since his parents died, he's been living in the orphanage. He bullies the other children there and even steals their personal items. One of the children told me that her fruit knife had been stolen a few months back. Finally, under Xiao Ming's pillow, I found the words happy family scratched there."
	"Who's the other boy?" I decided to ask. My head felt empty.
	"He's Liang Mu, a mute. It seems like he knew early on that Xiao Ming was the murderer but had no way to tell people."
	"He was stabbed multiple times by Xiao Ming," I said tearfully. "Yao Jie's with him right now. Could I trouble you to check and see if he's okay?"
	Mr. Gu nodded. "I'll keep you updated."

~

	Over the next couple of days, the four of us took turns checking on Xiao Ming. "I'm an unwanted child," he was mumbling to himself when it was my turn to bring him food. "I don't want to be an unwanted child. Why not let me die and be reborn as a demon? If I can't have a happy family, I'll make sure no one can have a happy family." I just shook my head as I set the bowl of porridge down on the floor.
      I left the inn and walked through the village until I arrived at the local clinic. I entered to find Yao Jie in the middle of telling an animated story to Liang Mu. Even though the young boy was covered in bandages, his eyes were wide as he intently listened to Yao Jie's every word.
	"And then the hero was rewarded by the townsfolk for his courageousness and kind heart," Yao Jie concluded.
	I let out a laugh as I walked over. "Telling a story about yourself?"
	Yao Jie grinned as he shook his head. "Of course not. Tian Yong's the one who's the hero."
	Liang Mu reached over to tug on Yao Jie's sleeve.
	I smiled. "I think he's trying to say that you're a hero too."
	Liang Mu nodded.
      Yao Jie just smiled as he ruffled the boy's hair. After he rose to his feet and accompanied me outside, I turned to face him. "That day," I said softly, "instead of rushing to capture the culprit, you stayed with Liang Mu."
	Yao Jie let out a sigh. "He was dying. I couldn't just leave him there alone. No one should have to die alone. Death is scary, especially for a child. So I held his hand and tried to provide what comfort I could. Yes, martial artists see death all the time, so much that some of them have become numb to it. I refuse to become like that."
	When I arrived back at the inn, I found Weiwei standing by the entrance. "Where's Yuxin?" I asked.
	"She said she was going to talk to Xiao Ming."
	"Talk to him? Talk to him about what? The villagers are still coming to a consensus about how to deal with him."
	Weiwei just shook her head. "I really don't know."

~

	That evening, Weiwei was delivering food to Xiao Ming when the sound of something breaking echoed through the inn. I sprinted toward the sound, but Yao Jie got there first.
	"What happened?" I asked as I skidded to a stop by the open doorway. Yao Jie stepped forward to block my view of the room beyond. "He's dead," he said shortly.
	I took a step backward in disbelief. "Dead?"
	Yao Jie shut the door once Weiwei had joined me in the hall. Her face was pale, and her shoes were splattered with porridge from the bowl that slipped from her fingers.
	"How did he untie his rope?" Yao Jie mused more to himself than the two of us.
	"Yuxin," Weiwei said quietly.
	Yao Jie blinked at her. "What?"
	"Yuxin was the last person to speak to him."
	"Just because I was the last person to speak to him means I'm guilty?" I turned to find Yuxin standing behind us. Her expression was hurt. "I didn't kill him."
	I opened my mouth to say Yuxin couldn't have killed him, but the words wouldn't come out.
	"Xiyan"-Yuxin turned to look at me-"you believe me, don't you?"
	"Yuxin . . ." I just shook my head. "I don't know what happened."
	Yao Jie let out a sigh after a silence fell between us. "It seems like our job here is done. We already collected the money from Mr. Gu yesterday. I think it's time for us to head back. I'll cover the body. Then it's up to the villagers what they want to do with it."
      During the trip back to Chen Han's residence, a heavy feeling settled over me. I wanted to believe Yuxin, but try as I might, I didn't know what to believe anymore.

    Chapter Eighteen

	The second day after returning to Chen Han's residence, I awoke in the morning to the faint sound of metal clashing against metal. I sat bolt upright and shook Weiwei and Yuxin awake. The three of us jumped to our feet, grabbed our swords, and hurried downstairs. We raced across the grassy yard and finally skidded to a stop at the doors. Yao Jie was already standing there with his hand on the hilt of his sword as he looked out at the action happening beyond.
	"What's going on?" I asked as I hurried over to him.
	"The Fire Sea Abyss members we met before tracked us down," Yao Jie said grimly. "They tried to break in, so now Chen Han is fighting them outside."
	My head snapped over to the doors. "All by herself?"
	Yao Jie nodded. "She told me to stay inside the walls."
	Crimson fabric rippled in the wind, and then Chen Han was striding back through the doors. "Did you all doubt my abilities?"
	"Are they dead?" Yuxin asked hesitantly as she tried to peer outside.
	"They ran away," Chen Han said simply. "They didn't stand a chance against me."
	"What did they want?" I questioned fearfully.
	The heroine in red just shrugged. "They didn't say."
	Yao Jie's tone was worried. "If the Fire Sea Abyss Sect members really did come here for us . . ."
	"The two of you are guests at my house," Chen Han said lightly. "No one's attacking my guests with me around."
	"I still feel a little uneasy," Yao Jie said. "Once Tian Yong can walk again, the two of us will set off immediately for the Owl and Aspen Sect's headquarters. You don't belong to a sect. I don't want you to get caught up in the conflict. I don't want anything to happen to you because of us staying here."
	"Don't worry about it," Chen Han reassured him. "Normal martial artists can't beat me. Once Tian Yong is healed, I'll personally escort you two back to your sect's headquarters."

~

	That night, I lay awake in bed. Weiwei and Yuxin were fast asleep, and I stared through the darkness at the ceiling in silence. Suddenly, I heard a soft creaking sound coming from the floorboards outside. I slowly sat up and squinted through the dark. After climbing to my feet, I quietly slid open the doors and slipped out into the night.
      The moon was high in the sky, and it had to be well past midnight. A chilly wind bit at my nose and ears as I tiptoed along the walkway. As I rounded the corner, I blinked in surprise. Chen Han was leaning against the railings, gazing out at the mountains in the distance. The red ribbons in her hair glowed silver in the light, fluttering gently in the wind.
	"Sister Chen," I whispered. Chen Han turned to face me, and I noticed the dark circles beneath her eyes. I stared at her at a loss for words. "I-" I started. "I thought we had helped you get over your insomnia."
	She let out a tired sigh. "I thought so too. It only recently started to reoccur."
	"Is it because Fei Ziyi isn't here?"
	Chen Han proceeded to pinch the bridge of her nose. "I don't know. It seems like I'm not over this insomnia, after all."
	I walked over to join her at the railing. "Do you think it's something to do with the different martial art sects?"
      Chen Han offered me a faint smile as she shook her head. "You don't have to worry about me. I should be okay again in a few days."
	"Are you sure?"
	"I'm sure. Don't worry about me."
	I let out a sigh. "Alright, I should try and get back to sleep anyway. Goodnight, Sister Chen."
	"Goodnight, Xiyan."
	In the morning, I sat on the front porch with Yao Jie, Weiwei, and Yuxin.
	"How's Tian Yong?" Weiwei asked softly.
	"He seems to be doing fine," Yao Jie informed us. "I told him about what happened with the murder case in that village." A slight smile flickered across Yao Jie's face. "He was proud of how I handled it. He said I've grown up. He's a little disappointed he can't practice his martial arts, that's all. Oh, do you think we could go to the village today? I want to buy him some of those dessert cakes he's always liked. Maybe he'll cheer up then."
	I rose to my feet. "Let's go ask Sister Chen. I don't see why we can't go."
	Sure enough, in a matter of minutes, the four of us were walking down the dirt path.
	"That jade pendant of yours," I said after a while. "It really does seem like it's important to you. Is there a story behind it?"
	"My father gave it to me," Yao Jie said wistfully. "I think it was his before he passed it on to me. It's the only thing I have from my parents. We were from a poor village, and they were the ones who brought me to the Owl and Aspen Sect in the hopes that I'd be able to live a better life than the one they'd given me. Ever since they left me there, I've never seen them again."
	"And how has your life at the Owl and Aspen Sect been?" Weiwei inquired.
	Yao Jie smiled faintly. "All the people that I've met there . . . I don't regret any of my time with them."
	When we arrived at the village, the four of us split up. While Yao Jie looked for desserts, Weiwei, Yuxin, and I went across the street to look at a vendor selling fresh fruits. After picking out a few items, the three of us returned to the other side of the street to wait for Yao Jie to reappear. We waited and waited and waited.
	I was beginning to feel anxious when there continued to be no sign of him. "I think we should go inside."
	Yuxin and Weiwei followed me into the shop, but the moment we stepped inside, my hands flew over my mouth in horror. Yao Jie was lying on the floor. Blood dripped from his slit throat, and his unseeing eyes stared up at the ceiling. I dropped to my knees beside him as all the strength in my body seemed to leave me.
	"Yao Jie," I whispered, my voice breaking. I lifted a shaky hand and held a finger beneath his nose. I let out a sob.
	"Look," Weiwei said quietly as she knelt beside me. Her face was pale as she motioned to Yao Jie's hands. "It looks like he didn't even have time to draw his sword."
	I quickly followed her gaze to find that Yao Jie was still holding onto a box of cakes. Weiwei stood up to inspect the rest of the shop.
	"His jade pendant is gone!" Yuxin said suddenly. She knelt down as well, and her eyes narrowed as she examined Yao Jie's belt. "It looks like someone ripped it off him."
	"Who did this?" I whispered.
	"I found the shop owner," Weiwei said from the other side of the room. I shakily straightened myself, then joined her behind the counter to find the man lying unconscious on the floor.
	"It looks like someone knocked him out," Yuxin observed as she joined us. "But no one came in or out of the shop since Yao Jie entered. We were right across the street. We would have seen them."
	"Do you think it was the Fire Sea Abyss Sect?" Weiwei asked sharply.
	Instead of answering, I dashed into the shop's back room to find one of the windows hanging off its hinges. "Look," I called. "Someone busted in through here."
	Yuxin joined me to examine the window. "Should we wait for the shop owner to wake up?" she asked quietly. "Maybe he saw who knocked him out."
	I let out an uneven breath. "Let's wait."
	The three of us returned to the main room and shut the front doors of the shop. As we waited for the owner to regain consciousness, I gently shut Yao Jie's eyes. Weiwei took the box of desserts from his hands and carefully placed his arms over his chest. I blinked back tears. Even though I hadn't known Yao Jie for very long, I regarded him has a friend.
	I quickly turned at the sound of Yuxin's voice. "The owner's awake!" she said. Weiwei and I hurried over to crouch down next to the very confused-looking man.
	"Who knocked you out?" Weiwei asked.
	The shop owner just looked at us blankly. "Who are you?"
	"That's not important," Yuxin said. "Who knocked you out?"
	The shop owner frowned as he clapped a hand to his head. "There were at least two of them. They just appeared. I asked them what they wanted to buy, and the next thing I know, I'm waking up on the floor."
	"What did they look like?" I pushed.
	"They were martial artists," the owner recalled as he furrowed his brow. "They were dressed in the colors of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect."
	My heart sank. We should have gone into the shop with Yao Jie. If we had just been there-
	"If we entered the shop with him," Weiwei said quietly as if she could read my thoughts, "we might have lost our lives too."
	"But-" my voice broke. "But Yao Jie might not have died either."
	"Someone died?" the shop owner asked, horrified.
	I just let out a sob.

~

	By the time we returned to Chen Han's residence, my eyes were puffy from crying. Yuxin's face was paler than usual, and Weiwei had silent tears streaming down her own face. The Fire Sea Abyss Sect had gone too far.
	I stopped in front of the room Tian Yong was staying in and shakily knocked on the door.
	"Come in," Tian Yong's voice called from inside.
	I silently stepped into the room, with Weiwei and Yuxin close at my heel. I set the box of desserts down next to Tian Yong. "I-" I started, but my words seemed to get stuck in my throat.
	Tian Yong didn't seem to notice my hesitation as he expectantly opened the box. As he looked at the dessert cakes inside, his face split into a grin. "Did Yao Jie buy these? I didn't know he remembered I liked them."
	"Yao Jie bought them," I whispered. "But he's-he's-"
	Tian Yong looked over at us, and his expression instantly turned worried. "What happened to Yao Jie?"
	"He was murdered," Yuxin said gravely.
	Tian Yong just stared at us. "You're joking."
	"I'm sorry, Tian Yong," Weiwei said regretfully. "Yao Jie was killed by members of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect."
	Tian Yong's face had completely drained of all color.
	I closed my eyes briefly as I tried to center myself. "It's our fault. If only we had gone with him, if only we had taken Sister Chen with us, then maybe-maybe this wouldn't have happened."
	A deafening silence filled the room. Then Tian Yong quickly climbed to his feet, but his injured leg gave out from beneath him.
	"Tian Yong!" I was there in an instant as I tried to steady him. "Your leg's still injured!"
	"They just killed my friend!" Tian Yong yelled as he tried to push me away. "I need to avenge him!"
	"Please calm down!" Yuxin hurried forward. "You're going to hurt yourself!"
	Tian Yong continued to struggle. "I don't care. My friend's dead!"
	Weiwei raised her voice. "If you hurt yourself, how are you going to avenge him?"
	At that, Tian Yong paused. He sat back down on his bed and pressed his hands over his face. "I can't believe it. Yao Jie was fine this morning."
	"His murderers took his jade pendant," I said quietly.
	Tian Yong looked up at me, and his eyes were hopeless. "I need to avenge Yao Jie. I need to find his jade pendant. Where's his body now?"
	"The owner of the shop Yao Jie died in felt bad," Weiwei explained sadly. "He told us that he's always had great respect for the Owl and Aspen Sect and would help take care of Yao Jie's burial."
	Tian Yong just stared blankly the box of dessert cakes, and his shoulders slumped in defeat.
	"We'll give you some time alone," I said softly. I motioned for Weiwei and Yuxin to follow me out of the room. As I closed the door behind us, I turned around to find myself face-to-face with Chen Han.
	"I heard everything," the heroine in red said solemnly. There was a sadness flickering behind her eyes. "I thought that by beating up those members of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect, they would have left and gone back to their headquarters. I never would have thought that they'd stick around and retaliate by killing Yao Jie."
	"Why didn't you kill them?" Yuxin turned to Chen Han in distress. "If you had just killed them, Yao Jie wouldn't have died!"
	Chen Han's eyes blazed. "Killing people isn't something one should take lightly."
	"He was our friend and we let him down-"
	"Enough," Chen Han said firmly.
	Yuxin fell silent at that.
	In an attempt to break the rising tension, Weiwei asked, "Is there liquor?" 
	Chen Han blinked. "Liquor? What-yes, of course. This way."
	I spent the rest of the day sitting alone on the front porch with my knees drawn to my chest. I couldn't do anything except stare blankly at the grass.
	Weiwei, Yuxin, and Chen Han spent the rest of the daylight hours drinking before finally parting ways. As night fell, I took it upon myself to check on Tian Yong and bring him something to eat. When I entered the room, I found him still sitting on the bed just as he had been when we left him.
	"Are you alright?" I asked softly as I stood in the doorway.
	Tian Yong raised his head. His eyes were red. "Do you think you could sit here with me?"
	I nodded and silently made my way over to him. After setting the tray I brought with me off to the side, I offered him a bowl of soup. I placed a comforting hand on his shoulder as he shakily lifted the bowl to his mouth, and the two of us sat there in silence as the flames of the dying candles slowly flickered out.
	
~

	When I returned to the room I shared with Weiwei and Yuxin, I found it unoccupied.
	I awoke in the morning to the sound of someone shuffling around the room. I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes, looking around to find Weiwei frantically searching through all the drawers. "Weiwei? What are you looking for?"
	Weiwei whirled around in alarm at the sound of my voice. "Letters," she gasped out.
	I just looked at her in confusion. "Letters?"
	"Did you see the letters I put here?" Weiwei asked in a rising panic.
	I shook my head, bewildered.
	Weiwei clapped a hand to her head. "Did I leave them in the study? But I already checked there. I can't remember where I put my letters. I-I seem to have been too drunk to remember."
	I sighed. "Weiwei, you shouldn't have been drinking that much. Who are you writing to anyway? Here, I'll help you look."
	"Don't!" Weiwei said quickly. "There's no point now. They've vanished."
	There was a shuffling outside the door, and it slid open a moment later to reveal Yuxin.
	"Have you seen Weiwei's letters?" I asked.
	Yuxin just blinked. "Letters? What letters?"
	Weiwei shook her head. "It doesn't matter. Maybe I was the one who threw them out."

~

	Over the next week, Yuxin's presence at the residence was scarce. When I wasn't practicing martial arts, I spent most of my time helping out with the cooking and cleaning. Something about the atmosphere was different than before. Even when I went to buy us meat and vegetables, the bustle in the town no longer seemed as lively as I remembered.
	As I neared the center of the town, I spotted a group of people all gathered around a particular vendor. Curious about what was so popular, I made my way over to them.
	"Selling paper talismans!" the vendor called as he waved them in the air. "Protect yourselves and your families from ghosts!"
	"I think we should buy as many as we can," the woman standing in front of me was telling her friend. "Even those martial artists from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect weren't able to defend themselves."
	"You can't be serious," the woman's friend said in shock. "But they're martial artists!"
	The first woman lowered her voice, and I had to lean forward to try and catch her words. "I heard it was horrible," she said. "Here, here, and here"-she gestured to her throat and wrists-"they were punctured straight through and left bleeding out. Not only that, but their faces were also grotesquely disfigured. If not a ghost, what else would do such a thing?"
	I silently slipped away from the crowd. When I returned to Chen Han's residence, I absently got to work stocking our pantry. That night, I was sitting around the table eating dinner with Chen Han, Weiwei, and Tian Yong. When we were halfway through our meal, Yuxin stepped into the room.
	The moment she appeared, Chen Han rose to her feet and strode across the room until she was right in front of Yuxin. My mouth fell open in shock as the heroine in red slapped Yuxin across the face.
	Yuxin staggered in surprise. She slowly lifted her hand to the side of her face, hurt flashing in her eyes as she looked at Chen Han.
	"Kneel," Chen Han said heavily as she pointed to the yard outside. "I want you to kneel. You've gone against my teachings, and if you still acknowledge me as your teacher, you're not allowed to rise until I say so."
	Tian Yong looked back and forth between them in confusion. "I-what's going on?"
	Chen Han pointed her finger at Yuxin. "She hunted down and killed those members of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect responsible for Yao Jie's death. That was foolish. If they link the murders back to you, you've just made yourself and everyone else in this residence a target! And if they decide that it was the Owl and Aspen Sect who did the killing, you could start a sect war! Do you know how many people will die then?"
	A tear slid down the side of Yuxin's cheek. "Yao Jie was wronged. Is wanting to avenge him wrong?"
	"Go outside and kneel."
	With one last pained glance at the heroine in red, Yuxin turned on her heel and silently left the room. Even late at night when Weiwei and I returned to our room, we paused on the balcony to look out at the yard to find Yuxin still kneeling in the dark.

~

	Fei Ziyi returned within the next week, and Chen Han filled him in on everything that had happened during his absence. As we expected, he was horrified to hear about Yao Jie's death and the Fire Sea Abyss Sect. He seemed ready to storm the Fire Sea Abyss Sect himself, and it took us a good hour to talk him out of it.
	By the time Tian Yong's leg healed completely, winter had arrived, and snow painted the world in white. The six of us walked in silence as Tian Yong somberly led the way toward the Owl and Aspen Sect. I wasn't sure how many days had passed until we finally arrived at the main hall of the Owl and Aspen Sect. But as we drew near the front doors, it quickly became apparent to us that something was off.
	Tian Yong, who had been leading the group, threw out a hand and stopped us in our tracks. "Something's wrong," he said softly. "Usually, there's people standing guard here." Tian Yong dropped his gaze to the stone steps. I inhaled sharply as my eyes fell on what he was looking at. Blood. There was dried blood crusted on the stones.
	Chen Han stepped to the front of the group, sword in hand. As we walked through the entrance, an eerie silence engulfed us. I could hear my heart thundering away in my chest, but as I strained my ears for any sounds of life, I couldn't hear anything at all.
	As I dropped my eyes to the stone path, I nearly let out a cry when I realized with a start that, it, too was splattered with blood.
	"Well, if it isn't Master Wu's disciples," an amused voice called. The sound sliced through the silence like a knife. A man in his early forties appeared on the path in front of us. He was dressed in fiery orange robes, and his hands were lazily clasped behind his back.
	Chen Han smiled a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. "Master Huang. You still haven't apologized for my master's death."
	Master Huang just smiled back. "Is that so? I don't remember Wu Ren's death having anything to do with me."
	Fei Ziyi drew his sword. "The Ivory Snow sect spread rumors that my master had decided to fight for them," he said. "You could have called off your elite disciples from chasing him down. But you saw him as competition, so you were happy to let him die."
	"You have no proof of what you say," Master Huang said lightly. "I'd advise you not to slander me, especially here in the midst of my sect members."
	"The Fire Sea Abyss Sect is here?" Tian Yong demanded. "Just what in the name of hell did you do to my Owl and Aspen Sect?"
	Master Huang shrugged. "I'm eliminating my competition. I gave the birds here a choice: they could either join my Fire Sea Abyss Sect or die."
	Tian Yong's eyes blazed. "You-"
	"Master Huang," Fei Ziyi said darkly, "don't believe we won't take your life right now."
	Master Huang just chuckled. "You and your senior? I'd like to see the two of you try. Fei Ziyi, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you were a lazy playboy from the capital. What happened to the rising young martial artist you were the last time I saw you? And Chen Han, you've fallen from your prime as well. Neither of you is worthy to be my opponent."
	"Where are my fellow sect members?" Tian Yong's voice was deadly calm.
	"You're from the Owl and Aspen Sect?" Master Huang's eyes drifted over to Tian Yong. "You came just in time then. Follow me." With that said, Master Huang turned on his heel and made his way toward another set of double doors on the other side of the hall.
	Master Huang carelessly pushed open the doors to the next courtyard. I nearly jumped back in horror at the scene in front of us. Nearly a hundred people sat in the middle of the courtyard with their hands and feet bound. All of them were around my age and they wore the tawny brown robes of the Owl and Aspen Sect. But standing in a circle around them were figures dressed in the orange robes of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect.
	"Where's my master?" Tian Yong asked, his face paling.
	"Master Zeng?" Master Huang said mildly. "I've got him locked up in his study."
	"Tian Yong?" a voice called from the midst of the Owl and Aspen Sect members. "Tian Yong, run while you still can!"
	Tian Yong desperately turned to Master Huang. "Let them go! Please, I'm begging you!"
	"They refuse to join me," Master Huang said. "They're too loyal to Master Zeng for their own good."
	"I won't join you either," Tian Yong said coldly.
	Master Huang just shrugged. "That's fine. I don't need an angry boy like you in my sect." Master Huang raised a hand, and two members from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect instantly sprung forward. In seconds, they tied Tian Yong's together, then dragged him to the circle and forced him to his knees alongside the other Owl and Aspen Sect members.
	Master Huang turned to Chen Han and Fei Ziyi. "What about you? The two of you have come all the way here. Why not join my Fire Sea Abyss Sect?" Then his gaze flicked over Weiwei, Yuxin, and me. "What about these three? Who are they?"
	"They're my students," Chen Han said coolly. "I'm not joining you, and you can't have my students either."
	Master Huang let out a sigh. "I figured it'd be something like that. Capture them."
	Almost immediately, a number of Fire Sea Abyss members swooped forward. Chen Han and Fei Ziyi had their swords out, and metal blurred as they fought off their attackers. Weiwei, Yuxin, and I had our swords out as well, but there was only so much fighting we could do before we were forced to surrender.
	As I watched Chen Han and Fei Ziyi continue to fight off the Fire Sea Abyss Sect members, a sinking feeling began to seep through me. There was something unusual about the way Chen Han was fighting. Her movements were growing slower, and whenever she spun around, she'd momentarily freeze as if she was disoriented. And then the heroine in red fell to the ground.
	"Chen Han!" Fei Ziyi's head snapped around as Chen Han hit the floor. His own sword clattered to the ground as he dropped to his knees next to her. Fei Ziyi glared up at the Fire Sea Abyss Sect members as they all pointed their swords at the two of them. "What did you do to her?"
	"We didn't even touch her!" one of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect members said defensively. "She just fell over!"
	"Chen Han!" Fei Ziyi desperately tried to shake the heroine in red awake. "Chen Han, wake up!"
	"Master, what should we do with them?" another one of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect members asked.
	"We'll kill them too," Master Huang said, uninterested. "This way they won't get in our way again."
	"Wait!" I said suddenly. Everyone turned to look at me, and I struggled to hold onto my confidence. "Master Huang-your northern accent!"
	Master Huang blinked at me. "What about my accent?" Then he narrowed his eyes. "The only people who would recognize my accent are the ones from my hometown in the far north."
	"I had a friend once with the same accent," I said quietly, still in a state of shock. "He worked as a gardener in the palace. When he spoke slowly, his accent was almost inaudible. But when he had a lot to say and spoke quickly, his accent would come out."
	Master Huang just stared, his expression impassive. "What was his last name?"
	"Shen."
	"Shen," Master Huang echoed. "I knew Mrs. Shen."
	"You knew his mother?" I asked in surprise.
	"It's a small village," Master Huang said as he clasped his hands behind his back. "I knew everyone there." Then he turned to look at me. "What happened to her son?"
	"He's dead," I whispered. A tear slid down the side of my face.
	"Dead?" Master Huang staggered. Then his tone grew deadly calm. "Who killed Shen Fanghuan?"
	I felt my heart rate increase. "I don't know. There was a martial artist sneaking around in the palace, though. People say he was a pirate. I-I think that pirate was somehow involved in his death."
	Master Huang stared at me for a long moment before finally turning away. "Fire Sea Abyss Sect members, listen up. We're going to Jingcheng."

    Chapter Nineteen

	"Master," someone said, "we aren't killing the Owl and Aspen Sect members anymore?"
	Master Huang shook his head. "Let them go. None of this matters anymore. I have some business I have to complete at the capital."
	"Master Huang, wait!" I called as I was released by the Fire Sea Abyss member who had been holding my arms. "You and Mrs. Shen . . .?"
	Master Huang paused at the doorway. "If Mr. Shen hadn't married her, I would have." And with that said, Master Huang stepped over the threshold and vanished into the mist.

~

	I stood outside the Owl and Aspen Sect's main hall with Weiwei and Yuxin. To my relief, Chen Han had regained consciousness and was now leaning against Fei Ziyi for support. Tian Yong stood in front of us, his eyes tired. "Miss Xia," he started. "Thanks to you, our sect members were spared. We're forever in your debt. If you ever need our help, all you have to do is ask."
	"We just got lucky." I let out a shaky breath. "I just got lucky. His accent reminded me of someone I used to know."
	"Tian Yong," Chen Han said. Her voice was weak. "What are you planning to do now?"
	Determination sparked in Tian Yong's eyes. "I need to get justice for Yao Jie. I'm going to find his jade pendant and return it to him. Until we meet again." Tian Yong bowed to us for a final time before turning to help the other members of his sect.
	"Let's get Sister Chen back home," Weiwei said quietly. "She's sick."
	As we slowly made our way down the path, I looked over at the heroine in red in concern. "Why didn't you tell us you were sick?"
	Chen Han coughed, and her voice was ragged when she spoke. "I thought if I gave it time, it would go away on its own. It seems like exerting myself just now made my condition take a turn for the worse."
	"We need to get her to a doctor," Fei Ziyi said worriedly. "Hurry!"
	Once we reached the nearest town and saw a doctor, he seemed to think that Chen Han's illness would subside with some time and rest. But upon returning to Chen Han's residence, the heroine in red hardly left her room. Fei Ziyi stayed by her side, while Weiwei, Yuxin, and I constantly visited.
	I could feel my own worry beginning to sink in, and occasionally I found myself on the verge of a panic attack. I was scared. I didn't want to lose anyone else. Chen Han had to be alright.
	I had hoped that Fei Ziyi's return would at least help Chen Han's insomnia, but it seemed I was hoping for too much. Chen Han hadn't gotten better; she had been progressively getting worse. But she hadn't told us. She hadn't even told Fei Ziyi.
	Now with her makeup off, I could see just how sickly her complexion looked. One day, Weiwei and I were climbing up the stairs to deliver breakfast to Chen Han when suddenly we heard a loud thump. I exchanged a momentary glance with Weiwei before we rushed into her room.
	The heroine in red had fallen out of her bed and was lying on the floor in a heap of crimson fabric. Fei Ziyi was already crouching next to her, trying to help Chen Han back to her feet.
	"What happened?" I asked in a rising panic.
	"She wanted to close the window," Fei Ziyi said as he cradled Chen Han's limp body in his arms. "But now she's too weak even to walk."
	Weiwei's face paled. "Should we call the doctor here?"
	Fei Ziyi's eyes were worried as he turned to Weiwei. "Can you do that?"
	"I'll be back as soon as I can!" Weiwei said before dashing out of the room.
	I let out a sob as Fei Ziyi gently laid Chen Han back down on the bed. "Sister Chen, please be alright!"
	With much effort, Chen Han turned her head to look at me. She offered me a strained smile. "Maybe this is my fate."
	"Your fate?" Fei Ziyi said in disbelief. "If this is fate, then screw fate! I refuse to believe this is how the fearless Chen Han will die. Why didn't you let me help you?"
	Chen Han just shook her head tiredly. "I didn't even know I was this ill until I collapsed the other day." Suddenly, she began coughing violently.
	Fei Ziyi quickly fumbled with the bottle of medicine the doctor had prescribed for Chen Han, but when he turned it upside down, nothing fell into his awaiting hand. "Xiyan!" Fei Ziyi looked over at me in a panic.
	I felt myself begin to panic as well. "I'll go buy more medicine!" I swiftly hurried out of the room and down the stairs. In minutes, I was sprinting down the dirt path. Dark clouds were beginning to creep over the sky, and I gritted my teeth. Whether or not I'd be able to outrun the rain, I couldn't say.
	By the time I skidded into the medicine shop, I was gasping for breath. I hurried over to the counter. With one hand, I clutched the stitch in my side, and with the other, I fumbled for a handful of coins. After collecting the medicine, I ran to the door of the shop only to run head-first into something very solid.
	"Xiyan?" Yuxin's voice said in surprise.
	My head snapped up. "Yuxin?"
	Yuxin blinked at me. "I was just on the way back and heard your voice. What are you doing here?"
	"Sister Chen ran out of medicine," I explained breathlessly. "I came here to get more. We can head back together."
	The two of us rushed back down the dirt path, but in the end, we weren't fast enough to beat the rain. As the rain poured down around us, I sprinted through the mud. I blinked water out of my eyes as Chen Han's residence appeared in the distance. When I reached the front doors, I nearly collapsed against them, gasping for breath.
	"Quick!" I pushed the bottle of medicine into Yuxin's hands. "Bring this to Sister Chen!"
	Yuxin nodded once before hurrying into the yard.
	I leaned against the wall next to the doors, clutching my chest. My heart was thundering, and I didn't realize I was violently shivering from the cold until I slumped down against the stones. I wrapped my arms tightly around myself. My clothes were completely waterlogged, and my teeth chattered in my skull. I squinted against the rain. Everything was blurring together. Drawing one uneven breath after another, the world turned sideways as I passed out.

~

	"Is she alright?" Weiwei's worried voice drew me awake.
	"She's fine," an unfamiliar voice replied. "She's just had too much strain on her mind and body recently."
	I blinked and the world slowly came into focus around me. I was lying in my makeshift bed. Weiwei's face was swimming in and out of view above me, and I winced as I slowly sat up. Yuxin stood next to Weiwei, and a middle-aged man stood next to her. It looked like the the doctor had been found after all.
	"How's Sister Chen?" I whispered. My throat was hoarse.
	"She's just taken her medicine," Weiwei answered quickly. Then she dropped to her knees beside me. "Xiyan, what happened? When I returned to the yard, you were lying outside in the rain."
	"Yuxin and I ran back as quickly as we could with the medicine," I explained as pain shot through my head. "I ran the entire way there and back. I think I exhausted myself."
	"Let's get you a bath and a change of clothes," Weiwei said softly.
	I let her help me to my feet. After changing out of my mud-splattered clothes, I sank into the bath Weiwei had prepared for me. "Weiwei," I said after a while.
	"Is everything alright?" her voice came from the other side of the screens separating the room.
	"Yuxin left this morning, didn't she?" I said absently.
	"Where did you say you met Yuxin?"
	"I ran into her at the medicine shop."
	Weiwei was silent for a moment. "She couldn't have known Sister Chen ran out of medicine."
	"Maybe she was just passing by." But as the words left my mouth, I found myself starting to question them.

~

	"Xiyan," Chen Han whispered.
	I let out a sob. "Sister Chen."
	Chen Han reached out a frail hand to me, and I quickly took it in my own. Weiwei, Yuxin, Fei Ziyi and I all stood around her bed. The sun had just set, and the rain had started up again. The downpour continued to come down hard outside, and the sounds of the drops hitting the roof were loud.
	"You need to look after your own health," Chen Han said weakly. "I heard from Ziyi that you fainted outside yesterday."
	I blinked back my tears as I offered her a smile. "I'll be more careful next time."
	"What did the doctor say?" Yuxin asked quietly. "Sister Chen, will you be able to get better soon?"
	"I'm dying," Chen Han said simply. "No amount of medicine can save me now."
	I inhaled sharply at the same time Weiwei let out a sob.
	"But the doctor was just here yesterday!" I shook my head, refusing to believe it.
	"The illness is in my mind," Chen Han said. Even though there was still a faint smile on her face, there was no strength left in her voice. "I've been hallucinating more and more recently. This morning I could have sworn I saw my late master. I never thought my insomnia would get to this point."
	Fei Ziyi just stared at Chen Han. "This doesn't seem like insomnia."
	Chen Han just sighed. "My lack of sleep in the past has made me prone to mental illnesses. And now it's led to hallucinations."
	Fei Ziyi knelt down beside her, then reached out and gently tucked her unbound hair behind one of her ears. His hands were shaking as he whispered, "I thought you were getting better."
	Chen Han let out a tired laugh as she frailly cupped Fei Ziyi's hand to her cheek. "I thought so too. But I'm not angry. I'm just a little sad. If this is fate, so be it. I, Chen Han, don't have many regrets in this life. My only regret . . ." With much effort, Chen Han raised herself up. Fei Ziyi seemed frozen to the spot as she leaned forward to brush her lips against his. Then her body went limp. Her eyes fluttered shut, and Fei Ziyi caught her before gravity could have its way.
	"Chen Han!" Fei Ziyi desperately cried. "Chen Han!"
	My own cry mingled with Weiwei and Yuxin's. "Sister Chen!"

~

	That night, I stood outside on the walkway, leaning against the railings. The rain pattered on the roof above me. Ever since Chen Han passed out, she had yet to wake. Fei Ziyi hadn't left her side, and Weiwei, Yuxin, and I had only just retired to our own room.
	"Xiyan," a voice said softly. The sound mingled with the rain.
	I hastily wiped my tears away with the back of my hand before turning to find Yuxin standing behind me. "Yuxin."
	"Sister Chen is a martial artist," she said with a sigh as she joined me in front of the railing. "Martial artists are lucky if they can live over twenty-five years."
	I leaned against the railing. "I don't want Sister Chen to die."
	Yuxin sighed again. "Everyone wants a lot of things in life. But not everyone can be lucky enough to get them."
	Taking a deep breath, I turned to face Yuxin. "Yuxin, I'm confused." I looked at her hopelessly. "I'm so confused. How did things become like this?"
	Yuxin's unbound hair fluttered in the wind. "You've started doubting me too." She let out a sad laugh and shook her head. "Was it foolish of me to think you'd always stand by my side? Weiwei started getting suspicious of me first. Do you believe her?"
	"I don't know what to believe." I wiped my tears away as they began to flow again.
	Yuxin turned to gaze out at the rain. "Yes, I had a hand in Xiao Ming's death in the village. I only untied him and said a few words to him. He was the one who chose to hang himself."
	I shook my head in a mixture of horror and dismay. "You talked him into suicide."
	Yuxin's expression was sad as she met my gaze. "He already had the idea in his head that once he died he'd become a vicious ghost. Am I in the wrong? There would only be trouble if we kept him alive. Maybe you couldn't bring yourself to get rid of him, but I could. I've slowly come to realize that the path you and others walk is different from mine."
	"Yuxin-"
	"That day when Chen Han made me kneel in the rain," she continued, closing her eyes briefly to center herself, "the real reason she made me kneel was not because I had killed those men, but because she thought my methods were too violent."
	I inhaled sharply. "That hair stick?"
	"I made it," Yuxin said simply. "Now that I was free, I didn't want to be left defenseless again."
	I just shook my head at a loss for words.
	Yuxin offered me a sad smile. "Let me tell you a story. This is my story. When I was sixteen, I fell in love. The young man I fell in love with claimed he didn't care about my status. He wanted to buy my freedom and marry me. In that horrible place, he was the first person to treat me as a human." She leaned against the railing, reaching out a hand to touch the rain.
	"What happened next?" I asked softly.
	"He first came to the brothel because he was lonley," Yuxin said, lost in reminiscence. "He just wanted someone to talk to and confide in. I was always overjoyed whenever he showed up-on those nights, I didn't have to be at the mercy of the other customers. As the months went buy, he kept coming back. I could be myself around him. The other men wanted a persona. They didn't want to know my name. I was whatever name they gave me. I was whoever they wanted me to be-an actress giving them a chance to fulfill their desires. But he didn't want a persona. He wanted me to know the real me. Maybe it was because I was young and naive, or maybe it was because I willingly overlooked the signs that things turned out the way they did."
	"What happened?"
	Yuxin's dark hair fluttered softly as she turned back to me. "He told me he had fallen in love with me. By then, I was in love with him too. He was young, handsome, gentle, and from a wealthy family. What was there not to like? With him, I felt as if I had found a brief happiness. That was the first time I willingly gave myself to a man. He bought my freedom and brought me back to his residence. He kept saying that he would marry me, but the wedding never happened. One day, I found out he merely liked the thrill of such a forbidden relationship. When I confronted him, he already had a new lover: the top courtesan at the brothel.
	"He ended up buying her freedom and bringing her back to his residence as well. And me? He had lost all interest in me by then. He gifted me to an uncle of his. That uncle was lewd, lecherous, and a horrible man. The months when I was at his mercy . . . I wanted to die. What little dignity I had left was stripped away. When I heard my old lover had married that courtesan, I was heartbroken."
	Yuxin blinked back tears. "Do you know what that kind of heartbreak feels like? What that kind of betrayal feels like? I was still hoping that one day he would come and save me from his uncle. He never came to visit me even once, and now that he was married to another woman, I knew he never would. Eventually, I managed to go out. I sought out a poison master. When she asked me what kind of poison I wanted, I told her, half sobbing, I wanted the most lethal, the one that would grant the most painful death she had. I was torn. I hated him and wanted him dead, but another part of me couldn't let him go. Another part of me still loved him.
	"I mixed the posion into a soup and brought it to my former lover and his new wife to expression my congratulations. Their deaths were horrible. It still haunts me to this day. My former love grabbed me skirt in his bloody hands before he died. For days after, I tried to wash out the blood, but the white fabric was ruined. Afterward, I had no where to go. I could only return to the brothel, the very place I had wished so long to escape. That time I worked hard to become one of the highest ranking courtesans in the capital. I worked my way to the top and became Lady Xu Moyue. I was beginning to accept that I would spent the rest of my days in a drunken dream, but then you arrived.
      "Thank you, Xiyan, for giving me another chance at life. But in the end, the paths we've walked have never been the same. When I got blood on the purple dress, I was reminded of that. Even if our paths overlapped briefly, we're destined to part. You're still pure, Xiyan. I don't want anything to happen to you. I don't want you to ever have to experience what I went though. But it's because you've never gone through it that it's impossible for you to truly understand me."
      Yuxin stepped forward to wrap her arms around me. I held her tightly. When she finally drew away, Yuxin let out a shaky breath. "I'm leaving, Xiyan. I've come to bid you farewell. Sister Chen was right. You need to take better care of your health."
	"Yuxin, I-"
	But she had already turned on her heel and was gliding down the walkway, her white nightgown flowing in her wake.
	"Wait!" I called desperately as I hurried after her. The last thing I remembered was reaching out to grab Yuxin's arm, and then the world tipped sideways. The words, I just want you to be my good sister again, were never able to make it out of my mouth as everything faded to black.

~

      The next morning in the demon realm was the same as every other morning. Once a day, I'd go with the other smoke-like demons, and we'd all descended to where the wicked souls were being punished. After a human died in the human realm, if they had committed foul deeds during their life, their soul would be sent here to be punished for eternity.
	I floated through the door of the first cell into a pitch-black void. A torch flickered to life upon my arrival, and I carefully set down a bowl of murky liquid on the slimy floor. "If it isn't my dear friend," a raspy voice called out from the shadows of the cell.
	"Little Tang," I greeted the ghost. "I hope you've been well."
	"Well?" the ghost cackled. There was the sound of feet squelching through the slime on the floor, and a ghost emerged from the darkness. His gray skin sagged from his bones as he lumbered forward. "Look at me," he rasped. "Look at me!" The moment the words left his mouth, pus burst from the swollen abscesses covering his body and splattered onto the already befouled floor.
	I just floated there, disgusted and very glad that demons have no sense of smell.
	"Look at me!" the ghost bellowed again, more pus dripping from his abscesses.
	I looked at the ghost sadly. "You were vain during your life. You didn't care about anyone other than yourself. You didn't even care when your father died. Instead of attending his funeral, you sat in front of your mirror."
	"Look at me!" the ghost choked as the large lumps growing in his throat finally got the better of him.
	"Enjoy your meal," I said before turning away.
	The next cell I entered was significantly cleaner than the last. "Little Wang," I greeted as I set another tray down on the floor.
	There was a roar as the ghost emerged from the darkness. Flames blazed from the ghost's mouth as he choked on the ash filling his throat and lungs. I sighed. "I know you can't speak when you're angry. But you were greedy during your life as a human. When the poor and less fortunate begged you for money, you kicked them away and had your servants beat them in the streets. Now you can't issue any such orders again."
	The ghost just roared at me, and tongues of flame shot through my body of smoke. I winced as I turned to leave.
	When I finished bringing food to all the ghosts I was assigned to look after, I floated back out of the cell block.

~

	I awoke to Weiwei frantically shaking my shoulders.
	I sat bolt upright and blinked as the light stung my swollen eyes. I was sitting on the wooden planks of the walkway that encircled the entire second story. The rain had stopped long ago, and the sky was a hazy blue.
	I grabbed Weiwei's shoulders. "Yuxin! Where's Yuxin?"
	Weiwei blinked at me. "Yuxin?"
	I quickly jumped to my feet, my head throbbed painfully as I leaned against the railing. I scanned the yard, but it was completely empty. I sprinted into our room, and with a sinking feeling I found that Yuxin's sword was nowhere to be seen. I drew in one shaky breath after another as I frantically moved to look through the drawers. Other than her sword, all of Yuxin's other belongings were still here. I pulled open another drawer. No-her purple dress was gone as well. My hand fell away as I sank back onto my knees.
	I sat alone in the room as Weiwei made breakfast. When she finished, Weiwei brought the food up, and I joined her in Chen Han and Fei Ziyi's room.
	"Did you hear what happened?" I asked quietly.
	Fei Ziyi nodded. "Xia Yuxin's gone."
	I dropped my gaze. "I saw her last night. She told me that she was going to leave. I tried to stop her, and she knocked me out." Something about bringing up Yuxin made my heart clench painfully. "How's Sister Chen?"
	Fei Ziyi shook his head. He had developed dark circles under his own eyes. "She hasn't gotten any better." Suddenly, he turned and looked out the window. His eyes were narrowed.
	"What's wrong?" Weiwei asked worriedly.
	Fei Ziyi picked up his sword from where it was leaning against the wall. "Stay here. I'll be right back."
	Once Fei Ziyi had disappeared from the room, Weiwei and I exchanged a glance. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait long for him to return.
	"My cousin sent me a letter," Fei Ziyi informed us as if he couldn't quite believe it.
	I didn't even bother to hide my surprise. "Brother Gao? Did he come all the way here?"
	Fei Ziyi shook his head. "Of course he didn't come here himself. He sent a messenger to deliver it."
	"Have you looked at it yet?" Weiwei asked quickly.
	Fei Ziyi pulled the letter out of its envelope. "Cousin," he read aloud, "take this letter as a warning. I have spent a number of years in Jingcheng, and during my investigations of the Gao family's downfall, I stumbled upon other shady practices happening in the capital. The lady who's living with you now, Xia Yuxin, is Jingcheng's famous Lady Xu Moyue.
	"Lady Xu is famous. But do you know how she rose to fame so quickly? All her competitors died. People believed the brothel had a ghost problem and never suspected it to be the work of a human. What's more, from my investigations, Miss Xia can be linked to the death of Young Master Wen and his wife. I fear that Miss Xia is dangerous. I advise you to heed my words and proceed with caution around her." Fei Ziyi reached the end of the letter and stared blankly at the page.
	I stood there, frozen.
	"Xiyan?" Weiwei's worried voice seemed to echo from an entire world away.
	"I have to check something," I said breathlessly. I spun around and sprinted out the door, down the stairs, and across the yard. I only stopped running when I reached the town, gasping for air and clutching a stitch in my side.
	When I entered the medicine shop, I hurried over to the counter. "Excuse me," I panted. "Has a girl that looks like me shopped here often?"
	The man standing behind the counter blinked as he looked down at me. "She's your sister, is she not?"
	"So she has come here often?" I asked with a sinking feeling in my chest. "What has she been buying?"
	The man behind the counter gave me a strange look. "If you're really so curious, I'll show you." I watched as the man stepped out from behind the counter and made his way over to a high shelf in the far corner of the room. "Here." The man handed me the box.
	I hesitantly took the box from him and looked down at the label. My eyes widened. "Isn't this the medicine that helps someone stay awake?"
	The man nodded. "There isn't anything too special about it. Except if you use too much of it-"
	"If you accidentally expose yourself to too much of it, you won't be able to sleep for days!" I turned to the man in a panic. "How often has my sister been buying this?"
	"Quiet often," the man said, perplexed. "For the past four months now."
	I nearly let out a sob.
	Before I left the medicine shop, I asked the man behind the counter what exactly would happen if someone took too much of the medicine. I held my breath as the man explained that if someone was exposed to the medicine in small quantities every day, at first there would be no visible effect. However, the real, permanent, and more dangerous effects would take place over a number of months. The lack of sleep would cause a person's body to shut down, and then they would enter an even more dangerous state when hallucinations would start. Chen Han would be trapped in hallucinations until her heart finally gave out.
      Even though the warmth of the sun beat down on me from overhead as I walked home, I wrapped my arms around myself as I shivered violently. I felt sick.
	When I got back, I quietly discussed my findings with Weiwei and Fei Ziyi. Fei Ziyi's face went pale when I finished explaining. "So my senior is going to hallucinate to death? I never thought Xia Yuxin hated her so much."
	I sniffed. "I didn't think so either. But the next time Sister Chen wakes, she won't be completely sane."
	The three of us looked over at where Chen Han lay on the bed. Her eyes were closed, and her expression was peaceful.
	"If I ever find Xia Yuxin, I'm going to kill her," Fei Ziyi swore as his expression darkened.
	I just remained silent and watched Chen Han's sleeping face. For her and Fei Ziyi's sake, I hoped she would stay the way she was right now for a little longer.

~

	Crash! I awoke in the middle of the night to the sound of something shattering. I looked to Weiwei through the dark, wide eyed. Weiwei was awake too, and we quickly scrambled to our feet. The sound had come from Chen Han and Fei Ziyi's room.
	Crash! The sound came again. Weiwei and I skidded to a stop at the doors to the room and threw them open. I immediately spotted Fei Ziyi standing in the middle of the room. His head snapped around to look at us, and his expression was frightened. "Keep back!" he warned as he desperately motioned for us to stay where we were.
	I held my breath and leaned around the door. Chen Han stood on the bed, her eyes frantically scanning the room. Her sword was in her hand, and she whirled on the spot, slashing at the air as she let out a sound somewhere between a scream and a laugh.
	"Chen Han!" Fei Ziyi called desperately as he reached a hand toward her. "Please get down from there!" But his words fell on deaf ears as she continued to slash out at the air. "Chen Han!" He tried again.
	Chen Han stilled. A split second later, she was standing in front of Fei Ziyi with the tip of her sword at his neck. "Stay away from me." Chen Han was breathing heavily. "I won't let you or Mother sell me. I'm still your daughter."
	"You're mistaking me for your father," Fei Ziyi responded quietly. "You're safe here, Chen Han. Your father isn't here. I'm Fei Ziyi."
	"Fei Ziyi?" Chen Han echoed blankly.
	Fei Ziyi nodded his head, careful of the blade Chen Han was still pointing at his throat. "I'm Ziyi, your junior. Remember? We grew up together."
	"Grew up together . . ." Chen Han slowly lowered her sword, and the moonlight spilling in through the window made the metal glow silver.
	Fei Ziyi carefully pried the sword from her pale hand and returned it to its sheath. "Let's get you to sleep." As he gently sat her down on the bed, Weiwei and I quietly made our way back to our own room.
	Try as I might, I couldn't sleep at all. I lay in bed, completely shaken.
	In the morning, Weiwei and I went to check on Fei Ziyi and Chen Han. We quietly entered the room and found the two of them fast asleep. Chen Han lay on the bed; her eyes were closed, and her complexion was even more ghostly than it had been the last time I saw her. Fei Ziyi was sitting on the floor next to the bed, his head resting on his arms.
	I inhaled sharply. In the morning light, I could see the cuts racing down Fei Ziyi's arms. It appeared that Chen Han had attacked him in the middle of the night before Weiwei and I had arrived.
	Later, when Chen Han woke, her hallucinations took over, and she spent the entire morning screaming. When her voice finally gave out, she sat trembling in the corner of her room with her hands pressed over her eyes.
      Weiwei, Fei Ziyi, and I had tried our best to calm her down, but Chen Han kept crying and pointing wildly at the air.
      Days went by, and my worries began to intensify when Chen Han no longer seemed to sleep at all. She must have been awake for four days straight, and the dark circles under her eyes made her resemble a skeleton. Every night, Chen Han's screams would cut through the air. I could feel my own lack of sleep beginning to get to me, and I could tell it was affecting Weiwei and Fei Ziyi as well.
      One night, as I was lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling, Chen Han began half screaming, half sobbing again. I could hear Fei Ziyi desperately trying to calm her down. Then suddenly, there was the sound of something metal clattering to the floor, and everything went silent.
	I sat bolt upright. My heart was pounding away in my chest. Weiwei was at my side as we hurried to Chen Han and Fei Ziyi's room. I stifled a cry.
	Fei Ziyi was kneeling on the floor with his arms wrapped around an unmoving Chen Han.
	He slowly looked up at us with unseeing eyes. "She was hallucinating again. But this time, she used her sword to slit her own throat. She died in my arms. I don't even know how she got to her sword. I hid it from her."
	I clapped my hands over my mouth as my knees gave out. And as my eyes adjusted to the dark, I could see the bloody slash across Chen Han's neck. I dropped my gaze and my eyes fell on the sword laying at her feet.
	Chen Han was dead.

    Chapter Twenty

	After Chen Han's death, Fei Ziyi refused to let go of her body. It took Weiwei and me an entire day of gentle coaxing to finally have him agree to a burial. Even after we held a funeral of our own and buried Chen Han's body in the forest behind the yard, Fei Ziyi still had trouble coming to terms with what had happened.
	Weiwei and I did our best to console him, but over the next few days, he became completely listless. He spent his days sitting on the floor of the room he used to share with Chen Han, staring out the window.
	"Fei Ziyi," I said quietly as I knocked on the door to the room. "Fei Ziyi?"
	When he didn't make any sounds of acknowledgment, I sighed and stepped inside. I set down a tray of food on the table, then picked up a bowl of soup and crouched down next to him.
	"You have to eat something," I said softly.
	Fei Ziyi continued to stare out the window.
	"Fei Ziyi," I tried again. "Sister Chen wouldn't want to see you like this."
	"Chen Han is gone." His voice was nearly inaudible. "Xia Yuxin killed her. I'm going to avenge her. I'm going to kill Xia Yuxin." But even after the words had left his mouth, Fei Ziyi continued to sit there, unmoving.
	"If you really want to avenge Sister Chen, you'll need strength. At least drink this soup."
	Fei Ziyi slowly turned to look at me with unseeing eyes. I reached out and lifted one of his hands to place the bowl of soup on top of it.
      "You look a little bit like her, you know," Fei Ziyi said as he slowly lifted the bowl of soup to his lips. "You look a little bit like Chen Han's murderer."
	I tried not to flinch at his words. "I'll let Weiwei bring you food from now on," I said, trying to keep my voice steady as I blinked back the stinging in my eyes. "Just remember that you need to eat."
	Once Fei Ziyi finished drinking the soup, he turned back to the window. "I'm full."
	I quietly took the bowl from him and rose to my feet. I placed the bowl back on the tray and made my way toward the door. But before I could get one foot over the threshold, there was the sound of a sword being drawn, and the next moment, I could see a glinting blade hovering next to my neck.
	"Don't move," Fei Ziyi said quietly.
	I remained where I was, trying my best to ignore the shaking of my hands as they grasped the wooden tray.
	"How do I know you didn't work with her?" he demanded. "Answer me!"
	"You know me, Fei Ziyi," I cried. "I wouldn't hurt Sister Chen!" There was a crash as the tray in my hands slipped from my grasp, and I let out a startled yelp as it hit the floor at my feet.
	"Don't lie to me."
	I stood there, shaking. "Fei Ziyi, please calm down. I understand that you're in pain. We all are. We're all grieving-"
	"Fei Ziyi!" Weiwei appeared in the doorway. Her eyes were wide as they met mine. "What are you doing?" Weiwei quickly rushed forward and pulled me away from Fei Ziyi's sword. Then she turned me around so that Fei Ziyi could see my tear-streaked face. "Remember that what people do doesn't always have any connection to their family! Xiyan never hurt Sister Chen!"
	Fei Ziyi slowly lowered his sword as he looked at Weiwei and me. "I'm sorry," Fei Ziyi's voice dropped. "I wasn't thinking straight just now."
	Weiwei knelt down to pick up the wooden tray and the bowl. "We'll let you rest." I let Weiwei lead me out of his room and into ours. Instead of asking what happened, Weiwei just gave me a hug.
	"You should cook something solid for Fei Ziyi," I said after a while. "He drank the soup I gave him, but it's been many days since he's eaten solid food."
	Weiwei nodded her head. "Okay." I watched as she walked over to the door. She paused in the doorway for a moment and turned to look back at me. Outside the window, the rain pattered down over the land. It was another gloomy day.
	I just gave Weiwei a reassuring smile. I'm fine, I mouthed.
	Weiwei smiled back before she vanished around the corner.
	The moment she was gone, my smile faltered. I walked over to the corner of the room and slid down against the wall. Hugging my knees to my chest, I cried, and cried, and cried. My tears were silent as they streamed down the sides of my face. Fei Ziyi wasn't the only one who missed Chen Han.
	I let myself fall onto the floor and stared at the wall in a daze. Maybe it was time for me to leave. Even though Yuxin had hurt Chen Han, I couldn't bring myself to fully hate her either. She was my sister. She had lost her way. I didn't believe she was a bad person. She had just lost faith in the ones she loved. She was hurting, and the pain was blinding her judgment. As her sister, I should have seen the signs earlier and helped her back onto the right path.
	I wasn't sure when I had fallen asleep, but I awoke to the sound of laughter. I slowly sat up and realized the laughter was coming from outside. I made my way over to the window. It had stopped raining, and my gaze fell on Fei Ziyi. He was sitting at the stone table outside with jars of liquor piled on the ground around him.
	"Fei Ziyi's drinking again," Weiwei said sadly as she came over to stand next to me. "I don't blame him, but I do worry for him."
	"I worry for him too," I said quietly. "I don't think he'll go as far as committing suicide to join Sister Chen, but he's already not in his right mind." Then I turned to look at Weiwei. "I remind Fei Ziyi of Yuxin. I can understand that he probably doesn't want to see me. When I do go out, I'll cover my face. Maybe I can buy a mask somewhere."
	"Xiyan." Weiwei turned to look at me. Her eyes were pained. "You don't have to do that. I'll try and talk to him-"
	I smiled faintly as I took Weiwei's hands in my own. "Weiwei, my good sister. I appreciate it. But I think it's for the best if I hide my face."
	Weiwei squeezed my hands. "You and Yuxin are not the same person."
	I offered her a smile. "I'm going to go to town and buy us our groceries for the week. Keep an eye on Fei Ziyi for me, will you? If anything happens to him, Sister Chen will never forgive us."
	"Xiyan," Weiwei tried as I let my hands fall from her grasp.
	I just smiled over my shoulder as I made my way to the door.
      The walk to the town was a long and lonely one. Instead of going straight to all the street vendors selling freshly harvested crops and dried meats, I found a vendor selling masks first. After finishing my tasks, I held the mask in my hands on the walk back. When I reached the front doors, I made sure to slip the mask over my eyes before I entered the yard beyond.
	Fei Ziyi was still sitting at the stone table off to the side of the yard. He didn't seem to notice me as I tiptoed past. When I finally reached the kitchen, I began to stash everything away in its proper place.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei's voice said.
	I turned around and blinked to find Weiwei standing in front of me.
	Weiwei jumped backward in surprise as her eyes fell on my mask. "Xiyan! You scared me! For a second I thought you were a thief!"
	"It seems like the mask works, then."
	"Fei Ziyi is outside," Weiwei pointed out as she helped me sort through the remainder of the food I bought. "You don't have to wear the mask now."
	I just shook my head. "It's fine. This way, I can try and get used to it."
	When we finished putting everything away, we left the kitchen. Since Fei Ziyi was still in the yard, I decided it would be best if I practiced with my sword outside of the residence's walls. I left the yard using the rickety old ladder propped up against the stone wall behind the house.
	I practiced for hours by myself until I could no longer lift my blade. My limbs felt like jelly, and I let gravity pull me to the ground. I lay there, staring up at the cloudy blue sky through the eye holes in my mask. Maybe I'll just lay here, I thought. I felt so heavy. Laying here forever doesn't seem like such a bad thing.
	"Xiyan." Weiwei's voice floated over to me, and I turned my head to find her peeking over the top of the wall.
	"Weiwei," I called back tiredly. "Could you help me up?"
	
~
      
      That evening, I was standing on the balcony cleaning my mask when I suddenly became aware of a presence approaching.
      Fei Ziyi came to a stop in front of me. "You look like Xia Yuxin," he said. I could smell the alcohol on his breath. "Xia Yuxin is your sister. You were the last one to speak with her. You were the last one to see her. Why didn't you stop her from leaving?"
      "I-" I stammered.
      "Why didn't you stop her?" Fei Ziyi asked quietly.
      "I-I-" I rapidly blinked back the stinging in my eyes.
      "Why didn't you stop her?" Fei Ziyi bellowed. "If you had just stopped her from leaving, she wouldn't have escaped! Now that she's gone, who knows how many people she'll kill just like my senior!"
      I just sobbed as I took a step backward. I wanted to tell him that I tried and that Yuxin had surprised me. But my words failed me. Maybe it was because, deep down, I didn't want any harm to come to Yuxin either.
      After a long moment of silence, Fei Ziyi spoke again. "This face of yours . . ."
      Stunned into silence, I blinked as metal flashed before my eyes. I didn't even feel the stinging across my face. My entire body was numb from shock as my blood slowly began to trickle into my eyes. My hand was shaking as I lifted it to my face. It was only when I pressed it to my face that I could feel my split flesh. I choked on my scream. My face had been slashed diagonally from my forehead, over my nose, to my cheek. Horrified, I opened my mouth but then closed it again when no sound came out.
      "Xiyan!" Weiwei sprinted toward me. She shoved Fei Ziyi aside as she stared at my bleeding face, then whirled on him. "Why? Why must you do this?" Before he could answer, she shook her head, breathing heavily. "We can't stay here with you anymore. We're leaving first thing in the morning."
      I didn't protest as she tugged me into our room and slammed the door behind us.
      "What about Fei Ziyi?" I whispered as Weiwei hurriedly rummaged around for medicine. I was trying my best not to cry, but the salt of my tears were already savagely stinging my wound. "He's in no state to be by himself."
	"Fei Ziyi is a grown man," Weiwei said shortly. "He should be able to take care of himself."
	"You know what I mean."
	Weiwei's expression was pained as she took a seat in front of me and began to clean my wound. "How about we write a letter to his cousin, Brother Gao? I know Brother Gao is back in the capital preparing for the imperial exam, but once we explain the situation, I think he'll let Fei Ziyi stay with him in the capital."
	As Weiwei continued to wipe the blood from my face, I closed my eyes for a brief moment. Everything felt so heavy. My heart, my head, my will to keep moving forward. The pain was overwhelming.

~

      There wasn't a lot I needed to bring with me. Besides the clothes on my back, a small pouch of coins, and my sword, nothing else was essential. The majority of Yuxin's belongings were still in the room, and I found my gaze lingering on them for a long time.
	Once everything that I was going to bring was in a small pile in the corner of the room, I made my way over to the window. Mindful of my bandages, I rested my chin on the palms of my hand and stared at the world outside. My mind was blank.
	On the way out, I picked up my mask from the table and carefully slid it over my eyes. Not only did it hide my face, but now it also hid my wound, which Weiwei had tearfully informed me would leave a prominent scar.
	Before long, Weiwei and I made our way across the yard. The two of us stopped once we reached the doors to look back at the place we had called home for so many months. That entire morning, Fei Ziyi was nowhere to be seen. "He ruined your face," Weiwei muttered darkly under her breath. "Now he has no face left to see us."
	"Do you think we'll ever be back here?" I whispered.
	"I don't know," Weiwei said truthfully.
	The two of us walked around the outside of the wall to the forest where we had buried Chen Han. We paid our respects, then went on our way down the path. My fingers clenched around the sheath of my sword. If only I could forget everything.

~

	"Xiyan," Weiwei said softly. "You have to eat something."
	I hugged my knees to my chest. "I'm not hungry."
	"It's been an entire day now since you've last eaten anything."
	"Has it?" I was sitting on the floor of the inn room we were renting. It had been a few weeks since we parted ways with Fei Ziyi. At first, we had mindlessly journeyed as far as the dirt path would take us, and when it finally disappeared, the two of us picked a random direction and walked until we found a town.
	"Xiyan." Weiwei's voice drew me back from my daze. "At least let me help you put your hair up." I shook my head, and Weiwei let out a sigh. "Let me apply medicine to your face. You've been wearing that mask-"
	"Weiwei." I caught her wrist as she reached for my mask. "I-I think I just need some time alone."
	Weiwei looked conflicted, but finally she lowered her hand. "I'll leave you here, then."
	

    Chapter Twenty-One

	I lay in the corner of the small house, shivering. I had caught a cold again. In the morning I was burning hot, and now I was freezing. The last time I had been outside felt like an entire lifetime ago.
	Even though it had been almost a year since my wound healed, my face was permanently scarred. When we first arrived at the village, Weiwei and I used the last of our money to buy an abandoned, one-room house and fixed it up. It took the villagers a while to warm up to us. Once, when we were helping out on the communal farm, a group of young women laughed at me for wearing a mask. In response, Weiwei shot back that it was to prevent them from feeling jealous that I was much prettier than all of them combined.
	But now I had lost the energy to even go outside at all. I had become scared of what lay beyond these walls. I was scared of pain, scared of death. There was a constant pain in my chest. Could one die from fear and guilt? Could one die from heartbreak?
	"Xiyan!" I barely registered Weiwei's voice as the door to the house closed behind her. She was at my side in an instant. Her figure swam in and out of focus as I continued to shiver. Weiwei reached for my mask, but I caught her wrist. I lacked strength, though, and she managed to pull it off.
      She placed a hand on my forehead. "You're freezing!" she exclaimed, then quickly grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around my body. When it didn't seem to have any effect, Weiwei let out a sob and wrapped her arms around me instead. "Xiyan, how can I make you take care of yourself? This isn't the first time you've been at death's doorstep. When you fell down that steep slope, I was scared half to death when I carried you back. When you got lost in the forest, I was the one who found you and fought off the wolves. Now you won't leave the house or even eat and drink on your own-that's how you've gotten yourself into this ill state! What can I do to bring you back to life?"
	Dazed, I just stared blankly over Weiwei's shoulder.
	She held me until my temperature finally returned to normal. Finally, Weiwei shakily let me go as she hastily blinked her tears away. Her eyes hopelessly searched my face. "Xiyan, how can I make you want to live again? You can't stay in here forever. I'm in pain as well, but I'm carrying on with living. Look, my hair has even started turning white."
	I blinked as her face wavered in and out of focus.
	"I'm lost, Weiwei," I whispered.
	Weiwei reached out to gently wipe my tear-streaked face with her sleeve. "Live, Xiyan. My only wish in this life is for you to live. I want you to live long, to live well."

~

	For the first time in weeks, I had enough energy to go outside. It was night, and the moon was a large pearly orb in the sky above. After collecting a single autumn leaf from the ground, I returned to take a seat on the front steps. My body was weak. Today was the Mid-Autumn Festival, and while I was too sickly to go join the communal festivities, I had managed to convince Weiwei to attend.
	Shivering from the cold, I began to write on the leaf. Shen Fanghuan. I miss you.
	As I sat there, his voice was a distant echo in my head. He explained to me the special Mid-Autumn custom of his village: We write wishes to the loved ones who are not with us on dry autumn leaves. We crumple the leaves, and then we let the wind scatter the pieces to the four corners of the world, hoping that at least one will reach the ones we think of.
	I gently crumpled the leaf under my hands and tossed it into the air. However, there was no wind, and the fragments of the leaf fluttered back down to the ground around me. I let out a soft sob as my voice shook. "But you're no longer in this world," I whispered. "The wind can't find you."
	Later that night, Weiwei returned from the celebration and found me drifting in and out of consciousness on the front steps. She brought me back into the house. I wasn't sure when I fell asleep, but when I awoke, it was dark, and I was the only one inside.
      It was only then that I heard the faint sound of crying coming from outside. I walked over to the window and opened it just far enough to look out. Weiwei was sitting a short distance away with her face buried in her hands. The light from the moon illuminated the streaks of white now racing through her dark hair.
	After a long moment, I carefully shut the window again. For Weiwei's sake, I needed to try to pull myself together.

~

      "Weiwei," I said absently. I was sitting next to the window of our small house, cleaning my sword. The seasons had changed again, and now the world was powdered with snow.
	"What is it?" Weiwei asked as she came over to sit beside me.
	"I've been keeping track of the days. The Spring Festival starts in ten days."
	Weiwei nodded her head. "It looks like it's just going to be the two of us this year. How do you want to celebrate?"
	"Weiwei, it's the start of a new year. I'll be turning twenty. It's funny how time works. I don't feel any older, and I'm certainly not any wiser."
	"When it gets closer to the Spring Festival, I'll buy ingredients for us to make dumplings," Weiwei told me with a soft smile. "Come to think of it, a few of the villagers seemed to have already put up decorations."
	I set my sword down to rest my chin on the palm of my hands. "Alright."
	Soon, the Spring Festival was upon us. Weiwei and I spent the first night eating dumplings and laughing together. On the village streets, the sound of firecrackers burst through the night.
	"Come on!" Weiwei took me by the hand. "Let's go outside and get a closer look!"
	I nodded eagerly as the two of us hurried toward the door. But just before I could throw it open, Weiwei hesitated. "You're still wearing your mask."
	I blinked. "Why shouldn't I be?"
	Weiwei let out a sigh. "Come on, Xiyan. It's night. I think it's dark enough outside that people won't be able to see your scar. Besides, they'll all be watching the festivities."
	And so for the first time in a while, I reached up and removed my mask. Before I could second-guess myself, I set the mask down and let Weiwei pull me out the door.
	Weiwei and I stood on the side of the road with the rest of the villagers. We stood on our tiptoes, bouncing up and down as we watched the sparking firecrackers. I was laughing as I clapped my hands over my ears. It had been a while since I let myself have fun. I turned back to watch the sparks flash and dance through the night.
	"How are you feeling today?" Weiwei asked softly once the two of us returned to our house. We sat on the porch, watching the last of the festivities from afar.
	I let out a tired laugh as a rare smile flickered across my face. "Content."
	
~

	"Xiyan." Weiwei sighed as she sat across from me at our small table. "You seem to be thinking very hard about something."
	"Do you think if we kept wandering the world, we'd run into Yuxin eventually?"
	She leveled me a look. "After all this time, you're still thinking about Yuxin?"
	"I want to know hows she's doing."
      "She took Sister Chen's life," Weiwei said softly.
      "She's not evil either, Weiwei." I dropped my gaze to the bowl of rice in front of me. "But maybe it's for the best we don't meet again."
	"You don't have to ever see her again, you know. We could stay here."
	"I know." I picked up my bowl of rice and absently passed it from hand to hand. "How about we go to one of the bigger towns to celebrate the lantern festival? It's about time we do something fun together."
	Weiwei offered me a smile. "We'll go to the town and spend the lantern festival there. Just focus on eating. I'll plan our trip."
      As she rose to her feet, I let out a soft sigh. "I'm sorry, Weiwei. You could have stayed behind with Fei Ziyi. At least if you encountered any trouble, he'd actually be able to keep you safe."
	Weiwei looked over her shoulder at me. "If I stayed behind, who would look after you?"
	"I don't understand. Why do you stay with me? If you leave me behind, you could still make a future for yourself."
	Weiwei let out a sigh. "Are you going to eat your rice?"
	"Oh." I looked down at the bowl in my hands. "Right."

~

	"Look, look, look!" I tugged Weiwei's arm as the two of us hurried through the crowded streets. "Look at all the colors and people!" The two of us had just entered the town, and the sun was high in the clear sky above us.
	"Look there!" Weiwei tugged at my sleeve as she pointed to a bustling restaurant. "Food! I'm starving!"
	When the two of us finished eating, we made our way out onto the crowded streets, then split ways after agreeing to meet back in front of the restaurant later. I wanted to inquire about Yuxin, and I knew doing so with Weiwei around would just make her worry.
	The first group of people I went up to was a group of youths around my age. One of them seemed to be telling a story to the others, waving his hands around as if to depict an epic battle.
	I came up behind the group and lingered there until he was finished with his tale before making my way over to him. "Excuse me," I said as the applause finally subsided. "Have you heard about anyone named Xia Yuxin?"
	"Xia Yuxin . . ." the storyteller said thoughtfully. Then he shook his head. "I haven't heard of anyone with that name. I have heard of a Xia Xiyan, though. Do you want to hear the story of how she stopped the Owl and Aspen Sect from being taken over by the Fire Sea Abyss Sect?"
	I shook my head. "I've heard that one before."
	"I've heard of a Xia Yuxin," one of the other youths piped up. "Isn't she one of those pirates near the coast? Many martial art sect members have been trying to stop them from terrorizing the people and ships in the area."
      "A pirate?" I said faintly. "I don't know if we're thinking about the same Xia Yuxin."
      "That's the only Xia Yuxin I know of. Sorry."
      "What do you know about the pirates?" I asked quickly.
      This time it was the storyteller who answered my question. "All of those pirates are former martial artists. All of them either left their sects or got kicked out for not wanting to follow their sect's code of honor. Now they make a living off of terrorizing the merchants that sail in and out of the ports. Even the emperor himself doesn't dare to do anything to them for fear that they'll attack the official trading ships. So far they've left the ships from the imperial fleet alone, but I think it's a warning to him to not get in their way."
      "Thank you," I said quietly as I bowed my head to the group of youths. "I'll be on my way."
      After asking around a few more times and getting the same answers, I absently wandered the streets. I didn't believe it. I didn't want to believe it. Pirates were likey to have played a part in Shen Fanghuan's death. And now Yuxin had joined them . . . I wasn't sure how long I spent meandering until I noticed it had gotten dark.
      I started on my way back to the restaurant Weiwei and I had agreed to meet at, but I realized I was lost. My heart rate quickened slightly as I looked around the crowded streets. Finally deciding on a direction, I continued through the town.
      As I made my way further down the streets, the bustling seemed to fade into one monotonous buzz. The restaurant was nowhere to be found, and I finally came to a stop on an empty bridge overlooking a waterway. I hadn't seen this bridge before. I frowned as I looked back in the direction I had come. I shook my head in an attempt to clear it. Then, leaning against the wooden railing, I looked out at the water. I could see my masked face reflected in its serene surface.
      But as I continued to look on, a second face appeared next to mine. I quickly turned away from the water to find myself face-to-face with the storyteller I had spoken to earlier.
      "Hello." I took a step back, unsettled by his sudden appearance. "Do you need something?"
      "Here"-the storyteller took my hand and pressed a handkerchief into it-"you dropped this back there. I've been looking for you since."
      I stared blankly at the handkerchief. "I think you're mistaken; this doesn't belong to me."
      But when I tried to hand it back to the young man, he just shook his head. "I've been looking for you all day. Don't tell me to leave when I've finally found you."
      I took another step backward. "What do you want?"
      The storyteller looked at me for a long moment before bursting into laughter. "I've taken an interest in you. I want to know who the girl beneath the mask is."
      "I'm sorry," I said quickly. "My friend's waiting for me-I've got to go." Just as I turned on my heel to scurry off, the storyteller's hand closed around my arm, and I staggered. I struggled against his firm grasp. "Let go of me!"
      "I just want to see your face," he said as he pulled me back around to face him. "Let me see your face."
      I continued to thrash and struggle as the storyteller reached for my mask. Suddenly, I remembered: even though I was an amateur, I had still learned martial arts from Chen Han. My training finally kicked in, and I kneed the storyteller in the chest. He staggered backward, and in the moment of confusion, I ripped my arm out of his grasp and sprinted. Even though I was free, all I could feel was panic.
      I sprinted down the empty streets back toward the bustling crowd in the distance. The storyteller's footsteps grew louder behind me, and I yelped as he grabbed me by the collar.
      "Let me go!" I reached for my sword, but my heart nearly stopped when my fingers closed around empty air.
      "Are you looking for this?" The storyteller held my sword out in front of me.
      I made a desperate grab for it, but he just held it out of my reach. My panic got the better of me, and I threw a punch at him. He blocked the first punch I threw, but it seemed his martial arts weren't nearly as good as mine. In a matter of seconds, I had the storyteller lying on the ground, unconscious.
      Shaken, I quickly snatched my sword and hesitantly took a step toward the young man. My heart was pounding away in my chest. I couldn't just leave him lying there like that. But just as I took another step closer, he let out a pained noise, and I froze. I gave myself a split second to make up my mind, then sprinted down the street.
      I could hear the sound of joyful chatter from the buildings that lined the road. I skidded through the doors of the first restaurant I could find, panting heavily as my heart thundered away.
      "Xia Xiyan?" a voice asked. My head snapped toward the sound of my name.
      I stared in disbelief at someone I never thought I'd see again. "Master Zeng?" I asked in shock. 
      The leader of the Owl and Aspen Sect nodded his head as I hurried over to him. "I've been looking for you recently," he said. "Our Owl and Aspen Sect is still in your debt, and I have a piece of information-"
      I clapped a hand to my face-I had been wondering how Master Zeng recognized me so quickly. My mask was gone.
      A moment later there was a loud bang, and I whirled around as the doors of the restaurant were forcefully thrown open. The storyteller stood in the doorway. "Where's that girl with the mask? I know she came in here!"
      Master Zeng looked at me, taking in the look of pure terror on my face. His eyes asked a silent question, and I nodded, swallowing hard.
      "Young man," Master Zeng said as he took a step forward, his tawny-colored robes swishing with the movement. It didn't take long for the entire restaurant to fall silent to watch the exchange. "What's troubling you? Today's the Lantern Festival. Why must you disrupt this time of celebration?"
      "A masked girl knocked me out!" the storyteller said, enraged.
      Master Zeng frowned faintly as he looked at the young man. "And what did this girl look like?"
      The storyteller glared as his eyes swept over the crowd gathered in the restaurant. His eyes fell on me, and he let out a laugh. "You! It's you!" He continued to laugh as he pointed at my face. "I thought there would be a beauty under the mask. I never thought you'd have such an ugly scar! No wonder you wear a mask-no one would ever want to look at you!"
      "Let's not ruin the festive mood," Master Zeng said. "Are you going to leave, or do you need me to show you out?"
      The storyteller eyed the sword at Master Zeng's side, then turned on his heel. He stormed out the door without looking back.
      Once the storyteller had vanished into the night, Master Zeng asked me to follow him to one of the tables. I could feel the eyes of the other patrons on me, and I lowered my head.
      "What happened between you and that young man?" Master Zeng asked once we were seated.
      I let out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding in. "I talked to that man earlier in the day. At the time I was wearing a mask. He found me again not that long ago and tried to take my mask off. I thought I knocked him unconscious, but he caught up to me again."
      "If he's threatening you-"
      "No, no," I said quickly. "Just leave him be, sir. I'll be leaving this town soon anyway."
      "If you say so." Then Master Zeng's gaze turned serious. "Miss Xia, I've been hoping to come across you because I heard about something you might want to know."
      Before I could open my mouth, there was the sound of the door flying open. In a panic, I whirled to face the door, afraid the storyteller was back already. But it wasn't the storyteller; it was Weiwei.
      "Weiwei!" I exclaimed.
      Weiwei hurried over to me and threw her arms around me in a tight embrace. "Xiyan, where did you go? I was waiting in front of the restaurant, but when you didn't come . . . I found your mask lying on the street and thought the worst had happened."
      "Weiwei," I sniffled as I hugged her back. "I'm sorry. I got lost again."
      Weiwei finally let me go. Her gaze fell on Master Zeng, and she blinked in surprise. "Master Zeng!"
      Master Zeng inclined his head. "Sit, both of you. I have something you might want to hear. It's about your friend, Xia Yuxin." Weiwei's expression was still worried as we sat down, but I gave her a small smile. Together, we listened intently as Master Zeng continued, "Miss Xia has been spotted a few times by members of my sect. She married the pirate lord. I have a handful of Owl and Aspen members stationed by the port. They were keeping an eye on her for many months, but recently, Miss Xia and the pirate lord haven't been seen by the coast anymore. You are not going to like hearing this, but a couple of female martial artists have been found dead, and I suspect Miss Xia had something to do with it."
	I just stared blankly at the table in front of me.
	"Telling you about Miss Xia wasn't the only reason why I've been looking for you," Master Zeng said. His voice drew me out of my spinning thoughts. "Would the two of you consider joining my Owl and Aspen Sect?"
	I blinked. "I-I'm sorry?"
	Master Zeng just smiled. "Everyone's heard about how you saved my sect from falling into the clutches of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect. It would only make sense that I offered you an opportunity to join. So I've been looking for you to formally ask the two of you to join my sect."
	"Can I refuse?" I asked hesitantly.
	"Of course. But I'd at least like to hear the reason."
	I sighed. "Martial art sects and their petty disputes are the reason why my teacher's master died. In respect for my late teacher and how she never joined a sect, I have no plan of joining one in this lifetime either."
	Master Zeng turned to Weiwei. "What about you, though?"
	"Xiyan speaks for both of us," Weiwei said softly. "Sister Chen was also the one who taught me martial arts. I couldn't think of disrespecting her or her master by joining a sect."
      Master Zeng nodded his head. "Well, if you ever change your mind, my offer is always valid. If you ever need anything from our Owl and Aspen Sect, just ask." Just then, a waiter walked by our table. Master Zeng called him over, then turned to Weiwei and me. "What would the two of you like to eat?"
      "You don't have to-" Weiwei and I started at the same time, but Master Zeng just waved us off.
      "It's my treat. I'll just order a few dishes, then."
      When the waiter left, I leaned forward. "You really didn't need to, sir. I'm not even that hungry." But just as the words left my mouth, my stomach gave a loud rumble.
      Master Zeng chuckled. "Don't worry about it."
      After we finished eating, Master Zeng offered to escort us to the entrance of the town. Weiwei and I took him up on the offer, and the three of us weaved our way through the crowded streets. Lanterns flickered and glowed in the night sky above us. Even after we parted ways with Master Zeng and began our journey back to our village, the lights were still visible until the morning sun finally scrubbed them from the sky.
      "Weiwei," I said quietly as we walked down the dirt road. I was wearing my mask but still had to squint against the brightness of the sun.
      "I know," Weiwei said with a sigh. "You want to go looking for Yuxin."
      I nodded silently.
      Weiwei smiled faintly. "If you want to look for Yuxin, let's go look for her together."
    

    Chapter Twenty-Two

	After saying our farewells to the villagers, Weiwei and I left. The two of us had decided to pay a visit to the blacksmith who made our swords, Mr. Fan. If Yuxin really was targeting female martial artists, we would try to find them before she did. And if anyone knew where we might be able to find the locations of martial artists, the blacksmith would be the one to start with.
      It took us many weeks to arrive at the blacksmith's shop. As I walked down those familiar streets and looked up at the buildings, I felt a sharp pang in my chest. I slid my mask off my face with much difficulty and stepped into the shop with Weiwei.
	"Welcome!" a voice called.
	My gaze fell on the figure behind the counter. I had expected Mr. Fan, but instead, a teenage girl with long black hair grinned up at me.
	"Hello," I said. I exchanged a bewildered glance with Weiwei. "Is Mr. Fan in?"
	"Oh, are you looking for my father?" the girl asked thoughtfully. "He's in the back room. He's working, though. If you need anything, you can just ask me."
	"You're Mr. Fan's daughter?" Weiwei questioned.
	The girl nodded. "My name's Fan Wanqi. I'm fifteen, but I know how to run a shop."
	"I don't remember seeing you here the last time I came to your father's store," I noted.
	Fan Wanqi dropped her gaze. "My mother passed away recently. My father doesn't want me to stay home alone, so now I help him out here."
	"I-I'm so sorry."
	The girl just offered me a sad smile. "Anyways, what brings the two of you here today? Maybe I'll be able to help you out."
	"I don't know if you've heard that female martial artists have been dying," Weiwei said heavily. "But the person behind all their deaths is likely someone my friend and I used to know. We can't let them go on like this."
	Fan Wanqi looked up at Weiwei. "So you want to stop them?"
	"Exactly," I answered. "Your father seems to know a lot of people. We were wondering if he knows where any female martial artists are. We feel like it's our responsibility to warn them."
	"My father does know where a lot of them are," Fan Wanqi informed us. Then she smiled. "I know, too."
	The door to the back room opened, and Mr. Fan stepped out. "Qiqi, these customers aren't giving you a hard time, are they?"
	Fan Wanqi shook her head. "Not at all!"
	Mr. Fan stopped next to his daughter and placed a hand on her shoulder, then looked at Weiwei and me. His face split into a grin. "You're Chen Han's disciples! How's your teacher been doing recently?"
	Weiwei and I exchanged a glance. "You haven't heard?" I asked softly. "She . . . she passed away."
	Mr. Fan's grin faltered. "Come again?"
	I dropped my gaze. "She was killed."
	Mr. Fan shook his head in disbelief. "Not Chen Han! But-but how? I heard the rumors, but I didn't actually think they were true." Fan Wanqi placed a consoling hand on her father's arm.
	Weiwei spoke up when I couldn't find the words. "She was poisoned," she said. "Female martial artists have started dying, and we suspect a former friend of ours is behind it. We want to stop her."
	"There's only two of you," Mr. Fan said slowly as he put the pieces together. "That other young woman . . ."
	I tried my best to keep my voice steady. "We've come to you in the hopes that you can tell us where we can find female martial artists. We want to warn them."
	Fan Wanqi tugged on her father's sleeve. "Father, if they're really dying, we can't just sit by and do nothing. We need to help them."
	Mr. Fan looked from his daughter to Weiwei and me, and then back again. "Of course we'll help."
	Fan Wanqi looked at her father hopefully. "I know where Minmin is. She's my friend-I don't want anything bad to happen to her. I can take them to Minmin."
	Mr. Fan seemed to snap out of his daze. "You can't go. There's a killer out there."
	"Only martial artists are dying," Fan Wanqi pleaded. "Please, Father, let me go warn Minmin!"
	"Your mother just passed away. What do I do if something happens to you?"
	"Father," Fan Wanqi said with a faint smile. "I want to explore the world. I want to go on an adventure like all the heroes I hear about in the stories. Minmin said that when I get older, she'd take me with her one day. Just this once, will you let me go?"
	Mr. Fan looked torn. "I know that Heroine Zhao is a dear friend of yours, but-"
	"Father, this must be fate that I finally have a chance to leave the village. Besides, it's not like I'm going alone."
	After looking at his daughter for a long moment, Mr. Fan addressed Weiwei and me. "The two of you have been learning martial arts. I'm counting on you to keep my daughter out of harm's way. I'm afraid that since you've told her about the situation at hand, even if I don't allow her to go with you, she'll figure out a way to run off on her own to warn her friend." He shook his head, but he was smiling faintly. "My daughter's always wanted to leave this village. But I work long hours and can't accompany her. This is her first opportunity to get a sense of the world beyond our village."
	"When do we leave?" Fan Wanqi asked excitedly.
	I smiled faintly at her eagerness. There was something about the girl that reminded me of my old self. "As soon as possible would be ideal."
	"So soon?" Mr. Fan said as Fan Wanqi gave his arm a squeeze. "I fear that if I let you go, you'll be all grown up by the time you return."
	Fan Wanqi just smiled. "Don't worry. You know that Minmin doesn't live on the other side of the world. I'm gonna go on an adventure! When I get back, I won't leave out a single detail when I tell you about it."
	Mr. Fan gave her a smile, but there was something strained in his expression, and worry flickered in his eyes. "You better keep her safe," he finally said.
	Weiwei nodded her head. "We will."
	Fan Wanqi hurried around the counter to stand next to Weiwei and me. "What are your names?" she asked. "Since we're acquaintances now, you can call me Wanqi-or Qiqi if you like."
	"I'm Xia Xiyan," I introduced myself. "My friend here is Hu Qiuwei."
	"Sister Xia." Fan Wanqi looked up at me. Then she turned to Weiwei. "Sister Hu."
      Mr. Fan stepped out from behind the counter as well. He unfastened the dagger hanging from his belt and gently handed it to his daughter. "There's nothing I can do to prevent myself from worrying about you until you return safe and sound. But I'll feel a little better knowing that you have a means of defending yourself."
	Fan Wanqi smiled as she tugged on her father's arm again. "I'll be back in a few weeks. Don't worry."
	After following Fan Wanqi to prepare a few items for the trip, the three of us stood at the exit of the village.
	"This way," Fan Wanqi said as she motioned for us to follow her. "I've never gone to see Minmin before, but I know the location on maps by heart. I've always wanted to visit her."

~

	That night, the three of us set up camp in the heart of a bamboo forest after a long day of walking. After eating a quick dinner, we were all getting ready for bed.
	"I've always wanted to sleep under the stars like this," Fan Wanqi said wistfully as she stared up at the silent night sky. "My parents would never let me sleep outside, though. They said that I'd catch a cold. But I like the outdoors. There's something freeing about it. I want to explore the world before I have to settle down in one place forever." She absently combed her fingers through her hair as she rambled on, "If I leave forever, who's going to take care of my father? I wanted to learn martial arts, but my parents didn't allow it. Sometimes I wonder where I'd be now if I had joined a martial arts sect when I was younger. Would I have seen the world? I've never even been this far from my village before."
	"You're lucky you have a loving father," Weiwei said as she smiled faintly.
	Fan Wanqi nodded along. "I know. That's what Minmin tells me as well."
	"Tell us about Minmin," I said with a small smile. "What kind of person is she?"
	"Minmin is a good friend of mine," Fan Wanqi explained as she rested her chin on the palms of her hands. "I think she's about seven or eight years older than me. She was part of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect for a while. She left them about five years ago, though. She didn't want to deal with all the conflict and pointless skirmishes between the sects. She visited me a lot to complain about them."
	"The Fire Sea Abyss Sect?" I exchanged a glance with Weiwei.
	Fan Wanqi let out a sigh. "I know, the Fire Sea Abyss Sect's reputation isn't very good right now. According to Minmin, there were quite a lot of conflicts happening within the sect that resulted in the more righteous members leaving."
	"She's living in one place now?" I asked. "I thought that most martial artists don't stay in the same place for very long."
	Fan Wanqi smiled knowingly. "You'll see where she's living when we get there."
	Suddenly, there was a rustling in the bamboo, and we turned in the direction of the sound.
	"Look!" Fan Wanqi jumped to her feet and hurried over to the edge of the trees. "I think I just saw the tail of something!" Then she paused. "It ran."
	Weiwei blinked. "You aren't afraid of the beasts in the forest? What if it was a ghost?"
	"I'm afraid of large beasts," Fan Wanqi admitted. Then she placed her hands on her hips, grinning. "But I'm not afraid of ghosts."
	"Not afraid of ghosts? Have you seen ghosts before?"
	"I had an encounter with a ghost once," Fan Wanqi said knowingly as she returned to her seat. "I was less than ten years old at the time. It was night, and I was going to collect the laundry. And then I saw it. Even now I don't know if it was a real ghost or a fake ghost, but it was very ugly and smelled horrible. It saw me and approached me, but I wasn't afraid. Instead, I laughed at it." She giggled at the shocked looks on our faces. "The ghost must have never been laughed at before. I think it was shocked into fleeing! My father said I was very brave," she concluded proudly. "My mother said I was an idiot who doesn't value my life. Let's sleep. We've still got a way to go tomorrow."

~

	With each day that went by in the demon realm, my longing to see the bright world I constantly read about grew. I wanted to see this land of heroes. I wanted to see the sky, the earth, the trees. My presence wasn't really needed here. The demon lord could just shape another demon out of the darkness to take my place.
	I wanted to be a human.
      As the thought entrenched itself in my mind, I found myself taking human form again. This time, I was a princess in a blue dress that flowed like water. I threw my head back as I danced through the fog. What I was doing was against the rules. Low-level demons like me were prohibited from taking on human form. Human forms were reserved for higher-level ghosts and demons; the higher the status of the ghost, the more human they would look. The more powerful they were, the more they could hold onto their original forms and not transform into creatures of nightmare.
	Suddenly, I heard loud whispering from out of the fog. It seemed like the other demons had found me. I narrowed my eyes as I waited for them to emerge from the surrounding haze. But before I could find any of them, the back of my collar was grabbed by a rough claw. The next moment, I was being flown into the air.
	I looked down to see the smokey demons shoot up from the fog, but they were far too slow to keep up with the creature that had just snatched me away. I tilted my head upward to look at the magnificent crane as it carried me away from the prowling demons. "Bifang?"
	"Playing around in human form is no laughing matter," the bird scolded me. "You know the rules of this place as well as I do. You're lucky that the higher ups are too busy dealing with rounding up escaped ghosts to come after you."
	"You also knew the rules of the heavens very well," I said matter-of-factly. "But you still went ahead and stole fire from them anyway."
	Bifang let out a laugh. "The humans wouldn't have survived without it. Look how well they're doing now. Being banished here is nothing."
	We finally landed on a mountain made of solid rock. Bifang gently set me down before arranging its turquoise and crimson feathers. I turned around to look at the bird. "You shouldn't have to spend your life here. I have an idea-you should do something naughty again and get yourself banished to the human realm! The human realm must be better than this place."
	Bifang leveled me a look. "You can't say that for certain. I've been to the human realm many times before. Humans are unpredictable. At least here, you know what to expect from the ghosts."
	I let out a dejected sigh.
	Bifang was kind enough to indulge me for the rest of the day. For a while I acted out my story for the one-legged bird, switching back and forth between the beautiful maiden and the brave hero. When I finished the story, Bifang let me climb onto its back and we flew around the demon realm for some time. Finally, Bifang set me down on the ground. "I'm afraid this is where we have to part, for now."
	I nodded my head sadly as I reverted to my original form. "Thank you for today, Bifang. I wish there was a way for us to leave this place together."
	"It's not that bad," Bifang said mildly. "Things could always be worse; at least we're not locked in cages like all those souls undergoing their punishments."
	The bird did have a point. "I wish we could spend more time together, but I know you're busy."
	"I make time for you, don't I?"
	I laughed. "Thank you, Bifang. I'll see you soon."
	I watched the bird spread its exquisite wings before it took off and soared into the air. And just like that, I was alone again. Maybe I would go to the library today after all.

~

	In the morning, we were off on our way again. After a long week of walking, Fan Wanqi stopped to point up at the small forested hill in front of us. "That's where Minmin lives," she said proudly.
	I followed her gaze to the structure peeking out from between the trees. "A temple?"
	Fan Wanqi nodded. "She helps out there, and in exchange, the monks give her a room to stay in."
	Weiwei and I followed Fan Wanqi as we began our ascent up the hill. The entire hill was shrouded in fog, and as we drew closer to the top, the path behind us vanished into the haze. I looked up in awe as we passed beneath the main gate. When we finally arrived in front of the main building, I hesitated as I lingered outside the entrance. "Are we allowed to walk in like this?"
	"I don't see why not," Fan Wanqi said thoughtfully. "Temples like this are always open to the public during the day."
	"How about we pray first?" Weiwei suggested. "That way, we won't have to feel as awkward about wandering around the temple afterward."
	"Good idea," I agreed.
	The three of us stepped inside, and I looked up at the altar. There was something powerful about the large Buddha sculpture that sat in the middle of it, and I found it difficult to look away. The hall itself was empty save for a young man kneeling on the floor in front of the altar, pressing his hands together in prayer.
	Fan Wanqi stepped forward and silently motioned for Weiwei and me to kneel as well. Looking up at the Buddha sculpture, I pressed my hands together and shut my eyes. Please help Yuxin get back on the right path, I prayed. Please keep her safe.
	After a long moment, I opened my eyes and slowly rose to my feet. The chamber here was silent, and the only movement came from the flickering of the candles and the smoke from the incense. I looked at the young man was still kneeling in prayer as Weiwei and Fan Wanqi stood up. Taking a silent step forward, I leaned forward to get a glimpse of the man's face. There was just something too familiar about him. "Tian Yong?"
	Tian Yong's eyes fluttered open in surprise. "Xia Xiyan?" His eyes widened as they fell on Weiwei as well. "Hu Qiuwei? What are the two of you doing here?"
	"We could ask you the same thing," I said weakly. "This is a pleasant surprise."
	Tian Yong rose to his feet and motioned for us to follow him outside. Back out in the open, he turned around to face us. "I've been coming here a lot recently. Being at the temple makes me feel more at ease."
	"Are you still part of the Owl and Aspen Sect?" Weiwei asked. "I didn't recognize you at first-you're not wearing the same tawny brown as before."
	Tian Yong looked down at his black clothes. "I'm still a member. I'm just taking some time away. Ever since we parted, I did my best to search for Yao Jie's jade pendant. I found it within a month and buried it next to his grave. After that, I asked for some time away from the sect. And now I'm here."
	"Are the three of you friends?" Fan Wanqi asked curiously.
	Tian Yong nodded as he smiled faintly at the girl. "You could say we're old friends. I'm Tian Yong from the Owl and Aspen Sect. Who might you be?"
	"My name's Fan Wanqi," Fan Wanqi said. "I'm leading Sister Xia and Sister Hu to meet my friend Minmin."
	Tian Yong blinked. "Zhao Minmin?"
	Fan Wanqi looked up with large eyes. "You also know Minmin?"
	"I've been coming here for nearly half a year," Tian Yong said matter-of-factly. "Of course I know Miss Zhao."
	"Brother Tian, can you take us to her?" Fan Wanqi asked eagerly.
	"Miss Zhao tends to be busy until nightfall," Tian Yong informed us. "If you want to see her, you'll have to stick around for a while."
	"We don't mind," I said.
	Tian Yong smiled. "It's been a while since I've seen old friends. How about I give you a tour of the temple, and then we head down to the village at the base of the hill? We've still got quite a few hours until it gets dark, and I want to treat all of you to dinner."
	The three of us followed Tian Yong the areas of the temple that were open to the public before starting on our way back down the path. As we descended the hill, we passed a good amount of people making the trek up. As we passed them, some of the people greeted Tian Yong, and he paused for a short time to chat with them.
	"You seem to know everyone here," Weiwei said in awe as we continued on our way again.
	"I've gotten to know the regulars," Tian Yong said with a faint smile.
	When we reached the bottom of the hill, Tian Yong led us around the backside and into the small town. The four of us sat down at an outdoor noodle shop, and Tian Yong ordered each of us a bowl.
	"It's really good to see you again, Tian Yong," I said as we waited for our food to arrive. "It's nice to see a familiar face."
	Tian Yong inclined his head. "I'm glad to see the two of you as well. I'm glad to see that you're still traveling together."
	I exchanged a glance with Weiwei. "I presume you know what happened to Chen Han?"
	Tian Yong nodded sadly. "It was disheartening to hear the news. Heroine Chen did so much for me when I got injured. And Xia Yuxin . . . I never thought she'd become one of the pirate lord's wives."
	I let out a breath. "So you already know everything. Then you must have already guessed why we want to see Zhao Minmin."
	"Is the reason why you've stayed near the temple for so long because of Miss Zhao?" Weiwei asked.
	Tian Yong looked away sheepishly. "Yes, partially."
	The cook arrived at our table and placed a bowl in front of each of us.
	"Eat." Tian Yong smiled awkwardly as he motioned to our food. "I'm a man of my word; I'll take the three of you to see Miss Zhao once she finishes her work for the day."
	"Brother Tian," Fan Wanqi said in a whisper. "Your face is red. Are you blushing?"
	"What?" Tian Yong put his hands to his face in surprise.
	Fan Wanqi just smiled as she rested her chin on the palms of her hands. "Do you like Minmin?"
	Tian Yong picked up his chopsticks and poked at the noodles in his bowl. "I'll be honest with you; Zhao Minmin and I are together."
	"Really?" I looked up excitedly. "That's great!"
	"I'm happy for the two of you," Weiwei said with a smile.
	"No wonder Minmin hasn't come to visit me lately," Fan Wanqi remarked with a laugh. "I was starting to worry about her, but it turns out I've got nothing to worry about after all!"
	Tian Yong smiled faintly. "I know you're probably wondering how it happened. It's true that the Fire Sea Abyss Sect is responsible for Yao Jie's death, but it's unfair to pin the blame on people who don't even know about the incident. At first I didn't even know Minmin was from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect. I could tell that she was a martial artist, but her style was different than anything I'd seen from the Fire Sea Abyss Sect. She could tell that I was a martial artist as well, and she could also tell that I wasn't in a great place mentally. I told her that my best friend had just passed away, and she tried her best to support me."
	"That sounds exactly like something Minmin would do," Fan Wanqi said with a nod. "If the two of you continue to stay together, I bet you'll see a lot more of me. Minmin says that I'm practically her little sister. And if you end up marrying her, I'll practically be your sister-in-law!"
	Tian Yong's face was very red at this point. "I think it's still a little too soon to start thinking about a wedding."
	Fan Wanqi gave Tian Yong an embarrassed smile. "I'm sorry. I think I got a little overly excited."
	"But," Tian Yong continued, more confidently this time, "I did propose to her. And she said yes."
	Fan Wanqi let out a delighted squeal at that.
	When the four of us finished our dinners and congratulations, Tian Yong led us back up the hill. By this time, the sun had dropped from the sky, and the path was dark. The glow of lanterns flickered out of the fog at the top of the path, and soon we were passing beneath the main gate again.
	Tian Yong led us around to the back of the temple, where a number of monks and nuns were sweeping. They briefly looked up as Tian Yong passed, then went back to their sweeping. At the corner of the courtyard-like space, a young woman with long black hair stood out from the rest as she purposefully swept leaves off of the path.
	"Minmin!" Fan Wanqi rushed forward.
	Zhao Minmin looked up in surprise at the sound of her name, and her face split into a smile. "Little Qi!"
	Fan Wanqi threw her arms around Zhao Minmin. The latter laughed as she swept the girl into her arms and twirled her around.
	"Minmin," Fan Wanqi said when Zhao Minmin finally set her back down on her feet, "I've missed you. Turns out you've been staying here because of Brother Tian."
	Zhao Minmin hid her smile behind a hand. "I see that you've met Tian Yong." Then she turned to look at Weiwei and me. "Are the two of you Little Qi's friends?"
	"These are my new friends, Sister Xia and Sister Hu," Fan Wanqi explained.
	"I'm Xia Xiyan," I said.
	"And I'm Hu Qiuwei," Weiwei added.
	"I'm happy to meet the two of you." Zhao Minmin saluted both of us in turn. "I'm Zhao Minmin. But Little Qi's probably already told you that."
	"Minmin," Fan Wanqi said, "I've come here to warn you."
	Zhao Minmin glanced around to make sure no one was listening in on our conversation. "Is this about the martial artists who've been dying?"
	"We're worried that you could be targeted eventually," I said heavily. "The one suspected of doing the killing is my sister, Xia Yuxin. She's involved with the pirate lord."
	After a long pause, Tian Yong said, "I don't get it. Why is Xia Yuxin killing female martial artists?"
	I dropped my gaze. "I don't fully understand it either."
	Zhao Minmin glanced around at the monks and nuns slowly dispersing from the courtyard. "Let's continue this conversation in my room. I've come here to work, not to bring trouble to the people who work here."
	We followed Zhao Minmin out of the courtyard and down a moss-covered stone path. We finally arrived at a large wooden building, and from there, Zhao Minmin led us down a hallway to one of the many doors. She invited us inside, and we all shuffled in.
	Tian Yong lit the candles, and soon the room glowed with a warm, fiery light. In the light, I realized that Zhao Minmin wasn't wearing the same robe as the monks and nuns at the temple. Instead, she was dressed in a simple, plain-colored outfit.
	"I'm essentially security," Zhao Minmin explained when she caught me looking. "But there hasn't been any sort of conflict since I started working here. I just help with maintenance now."
	"How long have you been practicing martial arts?" Weiwei inquired curiously.
	Zhao Minmin took a seat on her bed. "Ever since I could walk."
	"Heroine Zhao really is an admirable opponent," Tian Yong said as he took a seat next to her. "I don't think I've ever won against her."
	"That's because you keep losing on purpose," Zhao Minmin said with a laugh. "When have you ever fought me seriously?"
	Tian Yong was laughing now too. "Alright, you've got me."
	Zhao Minmin let out a sigh as her smile faded. "I thought that by staying here at this temple, whoever was hunting the other female martial artists wouldn't find me. But judging by the fact that the three of you have found me here, my presence isn't exactly a secret. Tian Yong and I had planned to settle down together in the village at the base of the hill, but when he heard that female martial artists were dying, we both thought it would be safer for me to hide here for the time being."
	"I only know where you are because you told me," Fan Wanqi said. "I don't think anyone besides me would know-"
	"A few members of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect know that I'm here," Zhao Minmin said with a frown. "As long as more than one person knows, I'm bound to be found eventually. For the sake of keeping the monks and nuns out of harm's way, if I'm going to be hunted, I should leave the temple." Then she paused as she turned to Weiwei and me. "As a precaution, could either of you tell me what Xia Yuxin looks like?"
	I took a breath before reaching up and unfastening my mask with deadly steady hands. "She looks like me."
    

    Chapter Twenty-Three

	"Your face-" Tian Yong inhaled sharply. "What happened?"
	I dropped my gaze. "It was Fei Ziyi. After my teacher's death, it was too painful for him to look at me and be reminded of her killer."
	Tian Yong just shook his head. "I can't believe he actually went as far as scarring your face."
	I let out a sigh as I put my mask back on.
	A silence fell between us, and Zhao Minmin spoke up. "It's getting late. You should probably head back down the hill before it starts raining. I was watching the clouds earlier."
	I made my way over to the door. "We won't bother you anymore tonight, then."
	"Tomorrow I'll inform the monks that I'm leaving," Zhao Minmin said as she rose to her feet. "I'll meet you at the gates at noon. I can show you out."
	"You don't need to," I said quickly. "I think we remember the way."
	Zhao Minmin smiled faintly. "I'll let Tian Yong take it from here. He can show you to the village."
	"I imagine the three of you don't have a place to stay for the night," Tian Yong said as he stood up. "You're welcome to stay at my place for the night. My house is a little small, but at least that way you don't have to spend any money."
	Weiwei bowed her head in his direction. "Thank you."
	Finally, Tian Yong turned to Zhao Minmin. "I'll see you tomorrow, then."
	Zhao Minmin smiled at him. "I'll see you tomorrow."
	Once we started off on the path down the hill, Fan Wanqi turned to Tian Yong. "I think you and Minmin are perfect," she said. "I can tell that you really love her."
	"I do," Tian Yong said, and determination sparked in his eyes. "The two of us think it's about time for us to withdraw from the martial arts world and settle down. I was planning to inform the Owl and Aspen Sect about my withdrawal, but until the word gets out that female martial artists have stopped being hunted, I think it's good to be able to fall back on their support. For the longest time, martial arts was my life. But after I met Minmin, I realized that I didn't want to live that sort of dangerous life anymore."
	I clasped my hands behind my back. "I wish the two of you happiness." Maybe not all of us could have the happy ending we envisioned, but I prayed with everything I had that Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin could.
      When we reached Tian Yong's house, Fan Wanqi flopped down on the floor in exhaustion. I tugged my hair out of its ponytail before lying down next to her. Finally, I unfastened my mask and stared up at the ceiling. I thought my head would be spinning as I tried to process everything, but instead, I just felt blank. Empty. Numb. I was tired, I decided.
      Weiwei appeared in my line of vision with a blanket in hand. She laid it over Fan Wanqi and me before taking a seat on the wooden floor. "Are you feeling alright?" she asked softly.
      I nodded absently. "I really hope Yuxin doesn't try to do anything bad to Minmin."
      "Yuxin won't get to her," Weiwei reassured me. "We'll be by Minmin's side. Tian Yong will be there too, and if it comes down to a fight, Yuxin doesn't stand a chance against the two of them together."
      "I'm just worried," I whispered. "I don't want there to be any more death-any more sadness. I just want Minmin and Tian Yong to live happily. And Yuxin . . . I don't want her hurt or sad either."
      "Xiyan, Qiuwei." Tian Yong emerged from the room in the back. "I was just about to offer the three of you my room."
      "It's fine," I said with a smile. Then I put a finger to my lips. "Wanqi's sleeping."
      "I'll leave you be, then," Tian Yong said quietly. "Goodnight."
      "Goodnight."
      Tian Yong disappeared, and I returned to staring up at the ceiling. If Yuxin truly was killing female martial artists, then I was bound to meet Yuxin at some point if I stuck around with Zhao Minmin. And when I do run into her . . . I closed my eyes and lay there for a very long time.
      "Xiyan," Weiwei's voice said softly after a while. "Are you still awake?"
      When I didn't answer, Weiwei fell silent. Weiwei was worried enough about me already. I didn't need her to worry about me anymore.
      
~

      In the morning, the four of us sat around Tian Yong's small wooden table. "I woke up early," Tian Yong informed us. "After asking around in the village, I found out that the latest reported death of a female martial artist took place in a town not too far from Jingcheng."
      "The capital?" I looked up from my food.
      "There's probably a large number of female martial artists there," Tian Yong said grimly.
      "We could either make our way toward Jingcheng in the hopes that we meet her midway," Weiwei said slowly, "or we have you and Minmin go in the opposite direction. Maybe you can avoid her completely."
      "Zhao Minmin and I are both martial artists," Tian Yong said. "When there's injustice, we will face it head on."
      "I want to come too," Fan Wanqi said determinedly. "I want to help out."
      "We promised your father that we'd bring you back home after we saw Minmin," Weiwei said with a sigh. "We'll be dropping you off on our way."
      Fan Wanqi's face fell. "But-"
      "No 'buts,'" I said sternly. "It's safer this way."
      Fan Wanqi just dropped her gaze to the table.
      After we finished our breakfast, the four of us made our way back to the temple at the top of the hill. The path was damp and muddy from the night's rain. We waited by the front gate, and I watched the leaves in the trees sway back and forth in the breeze.
      Fan Wanqi let out a sigh as she stared up at the sky. "I understand that my father works very hard to support the two of us, but sometimes I wish we could move away from that small town. There's still so much I haven't seen."
      Tian Yong bent down so he could talk to the girl at eye level. "Have you told your father this before?"
      "I have," Fan Wanqi said, "but my father says our life is very stable at the moment. I know he wants me to be safe and happy, but sometimes I wish someone would appear in front of me and say, 'Come, Qiqi. Take my hand, and I'll take you on an adventure.'" She smiled sadly. "No one has."
      "You just need to wait a little longer," I said softly. "Someone will show up if you wait long enough."
      Fan Wanqi just shook her head. "I used to think that way. My mother wanted to see the world too, but she never got the chance. She was born in that village and never left it. I know she wanted to wander, but she stayed because of me. Before she died, she told me to go out and see the world for her. Even if she never got the chance, she hoped that I'd be able to go for the both of us.
      "I know my father just wants us to be safe. I understand where he's coming from-he knows a lot of martial artists and how dangerous the martial arts world is. But I don't think I can just sit around at home knowing there's a whole world out there."
      Tian Yong smiled at Fan Wanqi. "How about Minmin and I talk to your father? After we find Xia Yuxin and make sure she's stopped killing, the two of us can take you around with us. We can take you wherever you want to go."
      Fan Wanqi's eyes lit up. "You'd really do that?"
      Tian Yong nodded. "There's still some places Minmin and I want to see before we settle down in one place. You're her best friend, after all. I'm sure she would love to spend more time with you after I've made her hide out in the temple for so long."
      "Did I hear my name?" Everyone turned around to watch Zhao Minmin pass under the gate.
      "Minmin!" Fan Wanqi waved at her friend.
      "Little Qi!" Zhao Minmin wrapped her arms around Fan Wanqi in a warm embrace. "Did Tian Yong give you enough for breakfast?"
      Fan Wanqi smiled. "Of course!"
      "You live relatively close to the village here," Zhao Minmin said as she helped brush loose strands of hair away from Fan Wanqi's face. "You should come and visit us more often."
      Fan Wanqi nodded contently. "Brother Tian said you can take me to travel around after you find Xia Yuxin."
      Zhao Minmin patted the girl on the head. "All you need to do is ask. We can take you anywhere you want to go."
      "Are we ready to head off?" Tian Yong asked.
      Zhao Minmin touched the sword strapped to her back. "I've got everything I need."
      Fan Wanqi and Zhao Minmin chatted happily as we made our way down the hill. The journey back to Fan Wanqi's village was long, but it seemed to go by quickly.
      
~

	"Father!" Fan Wanqi called. We had just entered Mr. Fan's blacksmith shop, and the four of us lingered by the doorway as Fan Wanqi rushed forward.
	Mr. Fan stepped out from behind the counter to greet his daughter with open arms. "You're back!" Then he looked over Fan Wanqi's head. "Heroine Zhao! It's been long over a year since I've seen you last! How have you been?"
	"I've been doing great," Zhao Minmin said with a smile, and her eyes sparkled as she looked over at Tian Yong. "I've got a fianc  now."
	Mr. Fan grinned. "Congratulations you two! Who might this lucky man be?"
	"This is Tian Yong," Minmin said. "And this is Mr. Fan, the blacksmith."
	Mr. Fan bowed his head. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
	Tian Yong returned the gesture. "Likewise."
	Mr. Fan turned to address Weiwei and me. "And thank you for keeping my daughter safe."
	I smiled faintly. "Of course."
	"Will the four of you stay for dinner?" Mr. Fan asked hopefully. "I close my shop late, but I want to treat you all to a meal."
	"Our apologies, Mr. Fan," Zhao Minmin said regretfully. "But we've got an agenda that shouldn't be delayed."
	"Oh," Mr. Fan said disappointedly. "I understand. I wouldn't want to keep you from doing what you need to do. I wish you safe travels."
	"Stay safe!" Fan Wanqi called after us as the four of us made our way toward the door.
	I lingered in the doorway and waved to the girl.
	Fan Wanqi waved back with sad eyes. As I stepped out onto the street beyond, I felt a pang in my chest. Fan Wanqi was still waiting for a chance to see the world. We're all waiting for things, I realized. We're all waiting for things we might never get. I was waiting for the old Yuxin to return, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized that the next time I saw her, she would be far from the person I had once known.

~

	"I've asked around," Zhao Minmin informed us as we regrouped at the entrance to the small village we were passing through. "I'm afraid that Xia Yuxin has her eyes set on another target."
	"What did you hear about this martial artist?" I asked quickly.
	"Her last name is Su," Zhao Minmin recalled. "She belongs to one of the smaller martial arts sects: the Wandering Fox Sect."
	Weiwei frowned faintly. "I've never heard of the Wandering Fox Sect before."
	I shook my head. "Me neither."
	"The Wandering Fox Sect isn't well known," Tian Yong said. "But even if the sect itself isn't known, all of us martial artists have heard about Miss Su at some point in time. She's the Wandering Fox Sect's ace."
	"If she's really that good, why doesn't she join a more well-known sect?" I inquired.
	"It just so happens that her father is the leader of the Wandering Fox Sect," Tian Yong answered. "I don't think she's going to leave them any time soon."
	"Is she in the capital right now?" Weiwei questioned.
	"She's on her way there," Zhao Minmin said. "We should try to catch up to her before she runs into Xia Yuxin."
	The four of us continued down the path, and for the sake of time, we found a place to rent horses in the next village down. Whenever we reached a new town, we'd split into groups and search it as quickly as we could. Instead of asking around about Yuxin, we determined that it was better to ask about Miss Su. No one knew what Yuxin looked like, but on the other hand, many more people were familiar with the martial artist of the Wandering Fox Sect.
	I stopped one of the villagers walking down the street. "Excuse me, ma'am," I said breathlessly. "Do you know if a Miss Su has passed through here? She's a martial artist belonging to the Wandering Fox Sect."
	"Su?" The woman furrowed her brow. "Do you mean Su Yao?"
	"Yes, exactly!"
	The woman let out a heavy sigh. "Apparently, she was found dead a few days ago."
	My heart sank. "Do you know where she was found?"
	"If you keep following the road to Jingcheng, you'll find the town."
	When I regrouped with the other three, they seemed to have all heard the news as well.
	"What do we do now?" I whispered. "Now that Heroine Su is dead, Yuxin will be on the move again."
	"If she needs a target," Zhao Minmin said slowly, "let's give her a target."
	"You?" Weiwei asked, shocked. "We can't let you-"
	"It will be fine," Zhao Minmin reassured her. "It's not like I'm going to meet her alone; the three of you will be with me."
      We decided to set up camp in one of the forests outside of town, and over the next couple of days, Zhao Minmin took on a number of jobs in the area, announcing her presence and spreading the story that she was on her way to Jingcheng.
      One night, as we were sitting around the fire, Zhao Minmin said, "I hope this plan will work." The chill was beginning to set in despite the flames. "Even though it's been a few years since I left the Fire Sea Abyss Sect, I was regarded as one of their top members. My name should still have some weight."
      Tian Yong took Zhao Minmin's hand. "I think it will work. And that's why you're going to have to be especially careful."
      Zhao Minmin tiredly rested her head on Tian Yong's shoulder. "I met Miss Su once when I was younger. I remember it was a cold winter day, and I had been punished to kneel in the snow. I can't remember what I was being punished for, but the moment my punishment was over, Miss Su hurried over to me with a cup of hot tea for me to drink. I think the master of the Wandering Fox Sect was meeting with the master of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect that day. Miss Su was kind. I want to find justice for her."
      "My late friend used to do the same for me whenever I got in trouble," Tian Yong reminisced with a faint smile.
      I stared at Tian Yong. "I can't imagine you getting in trouble."
      Zhao Minmin interjected knowingly, "He was a little bit of a troublemaker." 
      "I used to be a little immature and reckless," Tian Yong admitted. "I loved practicing martial arts, but I didn't enjoy many of the other classes we had to take. Let's just say that those teachers and I didn't have the best relationship. They were always angry at me because they knew I could excel if I applied myself, but I was stubborn and refused. Fortunately, I grew out of that phase around the age of twelve."
      "That reminds me a little bit of my life at the palace," I recalled. "Weiwei was always doing her best to keep me out of trouble." Then I brought the focus of the conversation back to our mission. "Anyways, if we do run into Yuxin, I hope that I'll be able to talk to her and convince her to stop. If she doesn't want to listen, we can tie her up and wait until she does. At least that way she won't be able to hurt anyone else."
      "Maybe we can deal with Yuxin by herself," Weiwei pointed out, "but then what do we do if the pirate lord is there too?"
      "Then we run and try to think of a different plan," Zhao Minmin said with a sigh. "I'm afraid his martial arts is at the same level as Master Huang and Master Zeng. But people know what the pirate lord looks like. If he really was near the capital, we would have heard about it by now."
	I let out a breath. "I really hope Yuxin can come back."
	Weiwei just placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder.

~

	The following day, the three of us arrived at the town where Su Yao from the Wandering Fox Sect had died. Weiwei and I bought veiled hats at the first store we could find. If Yuxin was here, it would be best if she didn't recognize us immediately. As we walked around, Tian Yong held up a portrait he had drawn of Yuxin, asking anyone he could if they'd seen someone similar to the young woman in the painting.
	By the time night began to caress the land with its quiet darkness, we finally got a lead. Apparently, Yuxin had been repeatedly spotted hanging around a restaurant in the center of town every morning. After locating and identifying the restaurant, we decided to get a room at an inn a short distance down the street. We discussed our next steps and went to bed, but I spent the entire night lying awake. By the time morning came, I had not gotten a wink of sleep.
	Tian Yong and I stood outside the entrance to the restaurant. "Ready?" he asked.
	I nodded as I looked up through the veil of my hat. I was wearing Zhao Minmin's clothes, and even the sword at my side was not my own. Today, I was Zhao Minmin.
	The real Zhao Minmin had taken my mask and was guarding the back entrance of the restaurant. And to make our act more convincing, Tian Yong would accompany me inside. Once we entered the restaurant, we were immediately greeted by one of the staff members and shown to a table. I glanced around at the customers sitting at the tables. None of them were Yuxin.
	The staff member seated the two of us at a table toward the back of the restaurant and hurried back to greet the new customers who had appeared in the doorway. From my new vantage point, I scanned the faces in the restaurant again. No Yuxin. I frowned to myself and turned to watch the young women in flowy pink dresses twirl on the stage on the opposite side of the room.
      The longer we waited, the more my confidence began to ebb away. I watched the entrance the entire time, but there was still no sign of Yuxin. Tian Yong was watching the back entrance, and the door hadn't opened once.
	We stayed at the restaurant for hours, but ultimately, Yuxin didn't show up. All we could do was leave and try our luck the next day. As we passed by Weiwei, who was watching the entrance from a short distance down the street, I subtly shook my head. Weiwei dipped her head once before turning to inform Zhao Minmin.
	We tried again for the next couple of days, and by the fourth day, I was starting to worry that Yuxin had seen through us. But on the fifth day, something felt different. This time, Tian Yong and I ended up at a table close to the stage. It was only after we had ordered our food and were halfway through our meal that I noticed the restaurant was emptier than usual. Then, I suddenly realized the front door was closed. While I initially thought this was due to the strong winds outside, upon closer inspection, it seemed like it had been locked from the inside.
	But I had been watching the door the entire time . . . when had someone locked it? Then it hit me: the staff member who had shown us to our table! I quickly scanned the restaurant for him, but he had vanished.
	I slowly rose to my feet. Tian Yong gave me a worried look, but I motioned for him to stay where he was. My fingers curled around the sheath of the sword at my side as I swiftly made my way toward the door. It was indeed locked; someone had put a piece of wood through the handles to keep it from opening. I frowned as I pried the wood from the door and quietly set it on the floor.
	When I turned back around, a dancer I had not seen before was making her way toward Tian Yong. Her magenta skirts fluttered around her feet as she walked. By the time I returned to the table, the dancer had taken my seat. Her eyes glittered as she looked up at me and smiled. "Zhao Minmin, I presume?"
      I stared at her. It was Yuxin.

    Chapter Twenty-Four

	"I'm sorry," Tian Yong said as he offered Yuxin a polite smile. Judging from his tense posture, I knew he had recognized Yuxin through her layers of heavy makeup. "Can we help you?"
	Yuxin just giggled as she lifted one of her flowing sleeves to hide her painted lips. Her eyes landed on me. "I've heard a lot about you, Miss Zhao."
	I remained silent as I stared down at Yuxin through my opaque veil.
	"Miss Zhao-" Yuxin playfully reached forward with a slender hand.
	Tian Yong was there in an instant and caught Yuxin's wrist before she could reach my veil. "Do I know you from somewhere?" he asked. "I could have sworn that we've met before."
	Yuxin laughed as she dropped her hand back to her side. "I'm afraid we haven't." Then Yuxin turned back to me. She rose to her feet and made to step around Tian Yong. "Miss Zhao, would you care to follow me-"
	"I'm sorry, miss," Tian Yong interrupted. "Heroine Zhao isn't going anywhere."
	I glanced over at the stage to find that all the other young women who had formerly been dancing there had spread out to the different tables. Since all of them were entertaining the customers, no one gave Yuxin a second glance.
	Yuxin was still smiling. "That's alright. Then how would you like to come with me instead?"
	Tian Yong's expression was serious as he pried Yuxin's hands off him. "What do you want with us?"
	"What do I want?" Yuxin echoed. "I don't want anything really . . ." But just as the words left her mouth, she whirled and made another snatch for my veil.
	Tian Yong caught Yuxin's wrist with one hand, and the other went to the hilt of his sword as a warning.
	Yuxin just gave him a smile. "If I don't see the woman behind the veil, how do I know if she really is Zhao Minmin?"
	"Yuxin," I said firmly, speaking up for the first time. I reached up and brushed aside my veil. "You're right. I'm not Zhao Minmin."
	Yuxin's eyes widened in surprise as she stared at me. "Xiyan? What happened to your face?" Concern flashed in her eyes as she reached toward me, but I folded my arms over my chest.
      "Yuxin, just what is it that you want? I don't understand. I thought you never wanted to hurt again. And yet you went and joined hands with the pirate lord. I can only imagine how he's been treating you."
	Yuxin let out a sad laugh as she let her hand fall back to her side. "Yes, I sold myself to the pirate lord."
	"You're killing female martial artists," I said painfully. "Yuxin, why? I know what you did back in Jingcheng. After Sister Chen died, Brother Gao wrote to us. He uncovered the fact of how you rose to fame so quickly there because you killed all your competitors."
	"Brother Gao told you all of that?" Yuxin looked up at the ceiling, taking a deep breath to center herself. "I won't lie to you. I don't want to lie to you. I did kill them."
	"Why?" I whispered.
	Yuxin let out a soft sigh as she met my gaze. "Xiyan, you're the only one who truly knows me. I'm nothing more than a cursed girl, fated to be broken again and again. I've come to realize it's my heart that's been getting in the way of obtaining what I really want. My emotions are getting in the way of my goals. At the brothel, I thought that dream was gone for good. When Young Master Wen bought my freedom, I didn't care about the dream anymore. But now it's the only thing I can hold onto. I'm going to be the female hero who subdues the demon. All I've ever wanted was to be loved. All I ever wanted was to be respected. No one's ever played nice with me. I've long been stained with blood. They mistreated me. They made me suffer-they made me live a life worse than death! Is it wrong to want revenge?"
	I just stared at her as she pulled up one of the empty seats at our table. "Yuxin . . ."
	Yuxin smiled faintly as she sat down. "It's been a while since we've last seen each other, Xiyan." She reached across the table for my hand, but I moved it out of her reach. Something flickered behind her eyes, but her smile remained as she let her hand fall back to her side. "How have you and Weiwei been?"
	A frown tugged at my lips. "I didn't think you gave either of us any thought since you left."
	"You're still my sister," Yuxin said softly. "How could I not think about you?"
	"Sister Chen was a sister to you too! Yuxin"-I shook my head as I blinked back tears-"I don't understand. Why do you need to hurt so many people?"
	Yuxin's eyes were pained. "I told you my story. I thought you of all people would understand. You're my sister. But it turns out in the end, you don't understand. You don't understand me at all. I keep making the same mistakes, Xiyan. What's wrong with me? Young Master Wen, Brother Gao, you . . . all of you are just distractions. I've put my faith in the wrong people time and time again. I've come to realize that I can only rely on myself.
      "After we parted ways, I encountered the pirate lord by chance. I sold myself to him, and he brought me back to his ship. His other wives tried to kill me, so I killed them. Everything I've done was to survive. He thought I was ruthless and that we were a match made in heaven. He was willing to teach me everything Sister Chen wasn't. I told him I wanted to be the most famous female martial artist in the land, and he agreed to help me make my wish come true."
	"If you continue down this path," I said quietly, "people won't speak your name in praise. They'll be whispering it in fear. Yuxin-" All of a sudden, the doors to the restaurant burst open. My head snapped around as my eyes fell on the figure standing in the doorway. It was Fan Wanqi.
      "Sister Xia! Brother Tian!" she panted as she rushed toward us. She skidded to a stop in front of us, hands on her knees as she tried to catch her breath. "I've come here to warn you!"
	"Warn us of what?" Tian Yong asked quickly.
	"His name's Fei Ziyi," Fan Wanqi gasped out. "He's here! He came to my father's shop to buy weapons and ranted that he was going to kill Xia Yuxin. My father and I tracked you down and raced here as fast as we could. But we're no match for Fei Ziyi. My father's got him distracted for now, but Fei Ziyi will be here soon!"
	Yuxin let out a laugh. "So Fei Ziyi wants to kill me now." She reached to pour herself a glass of wine, but I grabbed her wrist and swiftly rose to my feet.
      "We should go. Quickly now."
	"You're trying to protect me?" Yuxin blinked in surprise.
	I let out a breath. "I don't want you to die."
	Tian Yong turned to address Fan Wanqi. "You and your father are both here?"
	The girl nodded. "My father feels like he owes you a favor. None of you are a match for Fei Ziyi if it comes down to a fight, and he doesn't want you to get hurt."
	Tian Yong furrowed his brow. "It's true we're not on Fei Ziyi's level alone. But if Zhao Minmin and I work together, I think we should be able to win against him."
	"Come on," I said quickly as I turned to Yuxin. "We need to get you out of here. Here"-I pulled off my veil hat and set it on her head-"wear this."
	"Did you see Qiuwei on the way in?" Tian Yong asked Fan Wanqi.
	"Sister Hu?" Fan Wanqi frowned as she tried to remember. "I didn't see her."
	"I should warn her that Fei Ziyi is here," Tian Yong said worriedly.
	After I watched Tian Yong dart out of the restaurant, I grabbed Yuxin by the hand. "We've got to go!"
	"Wait!" Yuxin tugged her hand free of mine.
	"Wait for what? Yuxin, we don't have time!"
	Yuxin's eyes were panicked. "We're out of time."
	"Out of time? What do you mean?" I grabbed Yuxin's hand again and turned toward the door. But a split second later, there was a scream as all the windows were kicked in and black-clothed figures leaped into the room. More screams sounded as the pirates began slashing at the customers chaotically sprinting toward the doors.
	"Sister Xia! Look out!" I whirled around and realized to my horror that Fan Wanqi was standing between a pirate and me. The pirate was holding a wicked-looking dagger and seemed to have lunged at me with it. I was so paralyzed with shock that all I could do was look on in horror as Fan Wanqi struggled with the pirate over the blade. Fan Wanqi's hands were bleeding as she grasped at the blade with all her might. I sprung forward, but just before I could attack the pirate, Fan Wanqi lost her blood-slicked grip on the blade.
	I cried out as the dagger lodged itself in the girl's chest. Fan Wanqi staggered backward into me, and I dropped to my knees as Fan Wanqi slumped in my arms.
	"Murderer!" Yuxin shrieked. "Someone's been murdered! It's the pirates!"
	My head snapped up to look at Yuxin. "Yuxin, you-!" But whatever I was going to say next was cut off as all the customers in the restaurant began to panic even more. And in the confusion, Yuxin took off running.
	"Wanqi," I whispered. I frantically took Fan Wanqi's blood-soaked hands in my own. "Fan Wanqi!"
	"Sister Xia," Fan Wanqi choked out as she strained to look up at me. "He-he was going to stab you in the back. Hurry-run while you still can!"
	My vision swam as I tried and failed to blink back my tears. "You shouldn't have tried to protect me like that-"
	Fan Wanqi smiled up at me. "If I didn't protect you, who would? Besides"-she coughed as she choked on her blood-"I must have looked very heroic just now. Did I look very heroic?"
	"Wanqi," I sobbed. "You can't die!"
	Suddenly, another pirate lunged at me, but just as I looked up at him, he stopped and sprung at another fleeing customer instead. And then, just as quickly as they appeared, the pirates leaped back out the windows, and the restaurant went quiet.
	"She's working with the pirates!" someone yelled. I whirled around to find a man pointing at me. "I saw with my own eyes how the pirates didn't attack her!" The man pointed a shaky finger at the bodies strewn throughout the restaurant. "She's a murderer!"
	"No!" Fan Wanqi sputtered. "She's not!" But her words went unheard over the cries that had risen up in the restaurant. I let out a sob as Fan Wanqi coughed up a mouthful of blood.
	"Murderer!" the crowd chanted as they pointed at me.
	I rapidly shook my head. "No-I'm not!" As their voices became a deafening roar, I clapped my hands over my ears. My vision was blurred with tears, and the world swam around me. "It wasn't me!"
	There was a commotion at the door to the restaurant. I looked up as Weiwei, Mr. Fan, and Fei Ziyi appeared. All three of them rushed inside. When Weiwei noticed me on the ground, her face paled, and she dropped to her knees at my side.
	"I didn't murder anyone," I sobbed. "Wanqi-someone save Wanqi!"
	Weiwei blinked back tears as her eyes fell on Fan Wanqi's limp figure.
      Fei Ziyi stood with the crowd. The color drained from his face as well as he surveyed the scene.
	"That's my daughter!" Mr. Fan let out a cry as he hurried to cradle Fan Wanqi in his arms. Then he whirled to look at me. Rage and sadness flashed in his eyes.
	"Father," Fan Wanqi rasped as she struggled to speak. "Don't blame Sister Xia."
	"Little Qi!" Zhao Minmin's voice sounded. A moment later, she and Tian Yong appeared in my field of vision. Both of them were splattered with blood, and Zhao Minmin's sword slipped from her fingers as she dropped to her knees beside Fan Wanqi.
	Fan Wanqi's smile was strained. "Minmin. You're okay."
	Zhao Minmin stifled her tears as she took one of the girl's hands. "Yes, I'm okay. The pirates attacked me, but Tian Yong came to my aid. I'm okay, Little Qi. You'll be okay too."
	Fan Wanqi's breathing was labored. "In our next life, promise to take me on an adventure, will you?"
      Zhao Minmin squeezed her hand. "I promise."
      Fan Wanqi smiled up at her, but then she stilled.
	Zhao Minmin let out a sob as she clasped the girl's lifeless hand. Tian Yong knelt down next to Zhao Minmin to place a hand on her shoulder.
	"Murderer!" the customers continued to yell as they pointed at me.
	"She's not!" Weiwei raised her voice. She glared at the crowd before pulling me to my feet and leading me toward the back exit. I was in too much shock to protest. Fei Ziyi followed the two of us while Zhao Minmin and Tian Yong remained inside with Mr. Fan.
	"Where's Xia Yuxin?" Fei Ziyi finally asked. His expression was dark, and I could hardly recognize him. For the first time since I met him, Fei Ziyi was actually dressed as a martial artist.
	"She ran," I said blankly. Silent tears were still streaming down my face, but I didn't even notice them anymore.
	Fei Ziyi rounded on me. "Xia Xiyan, you let her get away again!"
	"My friend was dying!" I raised my voice as I resisted the urge to sob. "Of course I had to stay by her side during her final moments!"
      Fei Ziyi pointed an accusing finger at me as his eyes flashed. "This is your fault! If you didn't have me delayed, that girl wouldn't have died!"
	"I don't want Yuxin to die either!" I cried.
	"Listen to yourself!" Fei Ziyi said angrily. "How can you tell me to spare her life after everything she's done?"
	"Fei Ziyi," I tried, but my voice failed me as he drew his sword. "I-"
	"Fei Ziyi." Weiwei took a step in front of me to face him. "Wasn't the last time you attacked Xiyan enough? You can't pin all the blame on her."
	"Hu Qiuwei." Fei Ziyi seemed to be trying his best to remain calm. "Whose side are you on? Don't you want to see Xia Yuxin dead as well after all that she's done?"
	Weiwei just folded her arms over her chest. "If you'll excuse us, we need to go and track down Yuxin."
	Fei Ziyi smiled unpleasantly at the two of us. "That's if I don't get to her first. Goodbye."
	"Fei Ziyi!" I yelled at his retreating back. "Stop right there!" But Fei Ziyi just disappeared around the corner of the street.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said softly as she placed a hand on my shoulder. "Let's go back to the inn. We've attracted quite a crowd."
	She was right; a crowd of townsfolk had gathered around us, whispering loudly among themselves. "But what about Wanqi?"
	Weiwei placed her veiled hat over my head before gently taking my hand. "Let's head back to the inn first."
	Dazed, I let Weiwei lead me down the street. The faces of the people we passed blurred by. Fan Wanqi's blood still coated my hands.
	"Weiwei." I finally found my voice once she gently shut the door to the inn room behind us. "Have I been doing everything wrong?" I hopelessly searched her face for answers.
      Despite the tears streaming down her own face, Weiwei smiled faintly as she shook her head. "You should know by now that I'll stay by your side no matter what. I should have been in the restaurant with you."
	I shook my head. "We should part ways, Weiwei. I can't drag you down with me like this. Wanqi took that knife for me this time. I don't want you being the one taking it next time. I'm not worth it." I slumped to the floor and buried my head in my arms. My heart hurt so much. A heaviness pressed down on me from all sides, and each breath I took strained my lungs.
	Weiwei took a seat next to me and wrapped her arms around me. I just sat there as silent tears continued to stream down my face.
	When Zhao Minmin and Tian Yong finally entered the inn room, the sky had faded into an inky night.
	"How's Mr. Fan?" Weiwei asked the question that was stuck on the tip of my tongue.
	"He's devastated," Tian Yong said heavily. His eyes were red and swollen. Zhao Minmin's were as well. "He refused to let go of his daughter's hand. He told her, 'Come, Qiqi. Wake up so I can take you on an adventure.' He was still holding onto her body when we left him." Tian Yong shook his head as he wiped his eyes with the back of his sleeve.
	I opened my mouth to say something, but all that came out was a strangled sound.
	"I know you want to keep Xia Yuxin alive," Zhao Minmin said softly as she knelt down in front of me. "But after all the lives she's taken . . ."
	I stared up at Zhao Minmin as she pulled my mask out from her belt. She placed it at my feet before standing back up.
	Trembling, I reached for the mask. No one stopped me when I fastened it over my hair.
	Weiwei broke the silence that had fallen. "If we hurry, we might be able to catch up with Yuxin. With that said, Fei Ziyi is much better at tracking people down than us. Sister Zhao, do you know if there's any female martial artists around here? If we go to them directly, maybe we can find Yuxin before Fei Ziyi does."
	I just sat there silently as Zhao Minmin drew us a map. I got the feeling that if Fei Ziyi hadn't left so quickly, she would have given him the map instead.
      "What about Mr. Fan and Wanqi?" I finally whispered.
	Zhao Minmin let out a sigh. "Mr. Fan wants to take his daughter's body back to his village to bury her there. Tian Yong and I are going to go with him to attend the funeral. Would the two of you like to come along?"
	Weiwei looked at me.
	I just shook my head. "I don't think I'm fit to attend the funeral. I'm the one who got Wanqi killed. I'll start trying to track down Yuxin. I won't let her run again. I'll use my life to stop her if that's what it takes."
	"Xiyan!" Weiwei said in alarm. "You can't throw your life away like that!"
	I let out a shaky breath as I looked up to address Zhao Minmin and Tian Yong. "Please send my condolences to Mr. Fan at Wanqi's funeral. I just hope that after I'm gone, the two of you will be willing to attend my funeral as well."

~

	It had been at least a month since we parted ways with Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin. While Weiwei and I initially managed to stay one step behind Yuxin and the pirates using Zhao Minmin's map, we never crossed paths with her. Instead, we encountered the deceased martial artists who had fallen under her blade. As we ventured further from the capital, Yuxin's trail disappeared entirely. Now unsure of what to do or where to look for clues, I was at my wits' end as the two of us tried to find our way out of a foggy bamboo forest.
      "Weiwei, you need to leave me. All you've done for me-I'm already in your debt for life." I marched through the bamboo. We had long lost the path, and the cold was beginning to set in. The fog was so thick that I couldn't even see the sky.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said firmly as she hurried after me, "I've told you before that I'm going to stay by your side."
	"Weiwei." I stopped walking to look at her. "You told me that I shouldn't throw my life away, but you can't throw your life away either! I want you to live a long, happy life."
	Weiwei just let out a sigh. "I'm not going anywhere."
	"Why do you have to be so stubborn? Even if I can't lead a happy life, at least you still can. I want you to go while you still can. Forget about Yuxin. Forget about me. Start over."
	"Xiyan-" She started, but I just turned and continued walking. "Xiyan!" Weiwei called after me. "Stop!"
	I stopped walking and turned to look over my shoulder at her. Weiwei stood there in the fog, her eyes pained and her expression conflicted.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei finally whispered. "Does it have to be like this?"
	I just smiled sadly. "Goodbye, Weiwei." Then taking a deep breath, I turned away from Weiwei and continued down the path. After a few moments, I turned around to find that Weiwei had vanished into the mist.

~

	I sat in the corner of the shabby restaurant. Three liquor jars sat overturned on the table in front of me. I couldn't remember when I had finished them or if I had even opened them at all. In a daze, I reached for one of the bottles. But my fingers only closed around open air. My head spun as I grasped for the jars, and I struggled for a long time before I finally caught hold of one of them.
	I triumphantly lifted the jar to my lips, but it was empty. My momentary triumph faded back into a dazed stupor as I slowly returned the jar to the table. I needed to find Yuxin, but . . . who was Yuxin? I furrowed my brow as I tried to remember, but my futile attempts only resulted in a throbbing headache. I just felt tired. So tired.
	I still had some sense about me, though; I knew I couldn't fall asleep here. The way some of the customers were casting glances in my direction made my spine prickle. I shakily rose to my feet and started to make my way toward the door. The room swam before my eyes.
	Outside, I squinted as I tried to focus on the path. I wasn't sure how far I walked, but by the time I looked back, I was alone in the night. All the buildings had vanished into the dark. I continued until I was surrounded by trees. I was lost again, but this time my head hurt too much to care.
	There was something silver in the distance, and I slowly approached it. My vision wavered as I stared at the puddle of water. It was silver from the moonlight, and I stood there for a moment, watching how it glowed through the dark. I could see my own masked face reflected in the water, and ever so slowly, I reached up and removed my mask.
	I sank to my knees in front of the puddle. I just sat there, staring at my reflection for a long moment. I slapped myself across the face. I should have never come to the human realm.

~

      Today, the library was completely empty. I lay on the floor in human form, reading through a stack of books.
	Suddenly, I sat up. I could hear whispers coming from behind the towering bookcases, and I jumped to my feet as I shape-shifted into the hero. A spear materialized in my hands, and my fingers tightened around it as I wearily scanned the area.
	My fellow demons floated through the bookcases, surrounding me. "If it isn't you again," one of them said with a laugh. "What are you still doing here? You haven't been banished to the human realm yet?"
	I frowned. "Why do you follow me wherever I go?"
	"We're bored," another demon said. "And you're interesting."
	I just swung my spear at the demons, cutting through their smokey bodies as they flew around me.
	"Lady Hui is going to be angry if she sees you pretending to be a human here," a demon said as it floated past my head. I swung my spear at it, but it passed harmlessly through its body.
	Then the spear was being ripped out of my hands, and I didn't even have time to look around before something hard struck me on the back of the head. I toppled over as everything went black.
	When I came to, I was lying on a stone bench. I slowly sat up and winced as my head throbbed painfully.
	"You're awake." Lady Hui's cold voice reached my ears, and I turned toward the sound.
	"Lady Hui!" I quickly scrambled onto my human feet so I could bow to her.
	Lady Hui scoffed. "I'm here to give you a warning. If you don't do your job again, I can assure you that there will be consequences."
	"I missed work?"
	"Seems like you were too busy sleeping here to feed your ghosts," Lady Hui said in a displeased manner. "You only have one job, and you still managed to mess it up. Are you choosing to go against the wishes of the demon lord?"
	I rapidly shook my head.
	Lady Hui looked at me distastefully. "Stop wearing that human skin. You don't deserve it."
	I dejectedly reverted to my original form. "Lady Hui, all I want is to see the human realm with my own eyes. Even a single glance will be enough."
	"I advise you to stop longing for things that can never be yours," Lady Hui said as she turned away from me. "In the end, the only thing you'll find is disappointment and regret."
	I stared after Lady Hui as she glided away. For the past hundreds of years, I had studied the language, culture, and history of the human realm. I wanted to see the world I read about with my own eyes. Being banished to the human realm . . . would it really be that bad of a thing?

~

	I awoke to a flood of bright sunlight.
	"Xiyan!" Weiwei's voice called in relief. "You're awake!"
      I blinked as I slowly sat up. My face felt like it was on fire, and I hissed in pain. I was in a small wooden room that resembled the cheapest inn room I'd ever seen. My face. I clapped a hand to the side of my head as flashbacks from the previous night came back to me. Using the puddle as a mirror, I had taken a knife and carved a single character onto my face: Demon.
      "Weiwei?" I said. "Why are you here? I told you to leave me."
	Weiwei shook her head as she helped me up. "I never left. I continued following you. I followed you to the restaurant, but when you got up to leave, you were followed. I fought off your pursuers, but you had vanished. I was scared half to death. Then when I finally found you lying in the forest, your face was a bloody mess! I carried you all the way to the closest inn to clean and bandage your wounds. Xiyan, if I hadn't followed you . . . I don't even want to think about what could have happened."
	The severity of my situation sunk in, and Weiwei wrapped her arms around me as I burst into tears.
	When I finally calmed down, Weiwei gave me a bowl of soup. Even though every sip sent new waves of pain through my face, my head was clear again for the first time in weeks. "Weiwei, we need to go back and find Tian Yong." While there was no sign or word of Yuxin yet, Weiwei and I both knew where she would return to: the coast.
	"Tian Yong? What can Tian Yong do against the pirates?"
	"Tian Yong can help me speak to Master Zeng of the Owl and Aspen Sect. I want to ask Master Zeng for help."

~

	I wasn't sure how many days, weeks, or months had passed by the time we arrived at Tian Yong's house. The wounds on my face had scarred over, and I no longer removed my mask, even when I was alone. My face was so scarred that I couldn't bring myself to look at it. But I didn't regret it. Had it not been for me, Yuxin would not have become the person she is today. Maybe I was the one who cursed her. It was my arrival that turned her birth into an inauspicious event, and in turn, doomed all our fates.
      Now, standing in front of Tian Yong's house, I held my breath as I knocked on the door. To my relief, the door slid open, and Zhao Minmin appeared in the doorway. She smiled warmly as she motioned for us to step inside. "I knew you'd come looking for us here."
	I blinked. "You did?"
	"Xia Yuxin is still out there," she said knowingly. "And the two of you are no match for the pirates. You need the help of other martial artists."
	"Where's Tian Yong?" Weiwei asked as she scanned the house.
	Zhao Minmin poured each of us a cup of steaming tea before motioning for us to join her at the table. "He's been running back and forth from the Owl and Aspen Sect's headquarters," she told us. "He's been using the sect's resources to get information about Xia Yuxin. I would have gone with him if we didn't think it would be for the best for one of us to stay at the house in case you came looking. I was hoping you could come, Xiyan. We were all grieving that day, and I want to apologize to you. Little Qi was my good friend, but that was no excuse for me to have treated you the way I did either."
	I offered her a weak smile. "I don't blame you." Then Weiwei and I exchanged a glance. "Has anything happened with Yuxin recently?" I asked hesitantly.
	"The pirates have been sailing along the coast. Xia Yuxin has been spotted among them."
	"What else has Tian Yong found about Yuxin?" Weiwei said when I just stared at the steam wafting up from my cup.
	"Apparently, the pirate lord is dead," Zhao Minmin said quietly. "Xia Yuxin has been attracting quite a lot of attention since then. It seems like she's the one in charge now."
	Weiwei inhaled sharply. "She killed him?"
	"That I don't know for sure, but what I do know is that Xia Yuxin's name has become quite well known over the past few months. The name people have been giving her is quite intimidating. They call her the Demon that Arose from the Sea."
    

    Chapter Twenty-Five

	"She's not a demon," I started in shock. "I-" I was at a loss for words.
	"The two of you want to see Tian Yong, right?" Zhao Minmin mercifully changed the topic. "He should get back sometime tonight. How about I go prepare a bath for you? I can tell you've been on the road for many weeks. You can wear some of my clothes while we wash yours."
	"Thank you," Weiwei said gratefully.
	Zhao Minmin had us follow her to the back of the house. I took a bath first and changed into a plain outfit Zhao Minmin had set out for me. It was only after I finished washing my old clothes in the small yard outside that I realized I was clean for the first time in many weeks.
	As I waited for my clothes to dry, I sat next to the window and absently gazed out at the sky beyond. Weiwei had finished her bath too and was talking quietly with Zhao Minmin. As I sat there, a thought struck me. Could Minmin be the one who'd stop Yuxin? I wondered. A female hero would rise up to subdue the demon. A sound at the door drew me back to reality. It took me a moment to realize that the sky had gone dark and that it was now raining heavily.
	Zhao Minmin threw the door open to reveal Tian Yong, and a smile bloomed on her face.
	Tian Yong returned the smile as Zhao Minmin wrapped her arms around him.
	"We have guests," Zhao Minmin said as she finally drew away.
	Tian Yong looked over at Weiwei and me with a faint smile. "I'm glad to see that the two of you are alive and well."
	Weiwei inclined her head. "Likewise."
	"I was worried you might run into Fei Ziyi," Tian Yong said as he took a seat at the table. He set his sword down before pouring himself a cup of tea. Zhao Minmin sat next to him and got to work picking leaves out of his rain-soaked hair.
	"Tian Yong," I said seriously, "would it be possible to bring me into the Owl and Aspen Sect's headquarters? I still have a favor to redeem, and I want to beg Master Zeng for help. I want to stop Yuxin before she can cause any more harm. I want to stop her before she's remembered forever as a demon."
	
~

	That night, I sat next to the window. Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin had already retired to their room, and the candles were slowly flickering out. Tian Yong had agreed to take us into the Owl and Aspen Sect, but he couldn't say for sure whether Master Zeng would agree to help. "Master Zeng will help us, right?" I asked Weiwei.
	"I think Master Zeng will help you," Weiwei said quietly. "He wanted you to join his sect the last time you met, remember? Maybe he'll help you in exchange for you joining."
	I shook my head. "We already made ourselves clear that we won't join sects."
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said after a while. "It's late. You should go to bed."
	I turned back to the window. The night was quiet, apart from the sound of the rain pattering down. "You don't have to stay awake with me-I'll go to bed soon."
	"Xiyan," Weiwei tried again, softer this time.
	"I know you don't want me to go."
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said for a third time. "Is there anything that would convince you not to go looking for Yuxin? Looking for Yuxin is the same as looking for death."
	I swiveled around to face her. "Even if the pirates are dangerous, Yuxin would never do anything to hurt me. I've always made my decision clear, Weiwei. Please respect it."
	Weiwei fell silent, and for a long moment, the only sound in the room was the tapping of the rain on the roof. "Alright," Weiwei finally said. "But what if I don't want you to get hurt?"
	It was my turn to fall silent. I turned back toward the window. By the time I finally turned around to give my response, Weiwei was already fast asleep.

~

	"It's been a little while," Master Zeng said mildly as Weiwei and I crossed the threshold into his study. Tian Yong had brought us into the sect's headquarters, and we hadn't needed to wait long after we requested an audience with Master Zeng.
	"I've come here to ask for your help," I said as I dropped to my knees in front of the sect leader. "Xia Yuxin and the pirates . . . they need to be stopped."
	Master Zeng held up a hand. "I have a condition. Before I can provide you with help, you must first join my Owl and Aspen Sect."
	"What?" My heart sank.
      "Master," Tian Yong started in alarm, but Master Zeng silenced him with a raised hand.
	"Will you join or will you not?" he asked simply. "When asked, no one's outright refused to join my sect before. You helped me out, and in turn, I offered you a place in my sect. But the two of you refused. People in the martial arts world talk. They know you were disciples of Chen Han, who was a disciple of Master Wu Ren. And I've always wanted Wu Ren's disciples to belong to my sect."
	When Tian Yong walked Weiwei and me out of the Owl and Aspen Sect, I suddenly felt a lot less confident than I did going in. Ultimately, Tian Yong had helped Weiwei and me negotiate with Master Zeng. We agreed that once Yuxin and the pirates were stopped, we would join the sect. But the thought of it . . . it felt like we were betraying Chen Han.
      
~

	The Owl and Aspen Sect members traveled in groups. My group consisted of Tian Yong, Zhao Minmin, Weiwei, me, and six other Owl and Aspen members. The goal was to not alert the pirates; if they decided to set sail before we reached them, we'd never be able to find them again.
	When we finally reached the coast, I could no longer feel anything at all. My mind and body had gone completely numb. I was frightened, I realized. I was frightened by everything.
	While the Owl and Aspen members regrouped with those already stationed on the coast, Tian Yong, Zhao Minmin, Weiwei, and I booked a room at one of the shabby inns. After booking the room, I told my companions I needed some time to myself and stepped back outside. The rest of the Owl and Aspen members would arrive within the next few days, and all we could do now was wait.
      As I wandered aimlessly through the town, wanted posters of Yuxin's face stared back at me from every street corner. It was only when the sun began to drop from the sky that I started to meander back toward the inn.
	"Xia Xiyan?" a voice asked as I walked by a row of street vendors.
	I froze mid-stride and turned to the voice in surprise. "Brother Gao? I'm wearing a mask. How did you recognize me?"
	Gao Yunzhe inclined his head. "I recognized you from the way you walk. What are you doing here?"
	"What are you doing here?" I asked faintly.
	"Fei Ziyi ran all the way here," Gao Yunzhe said as he regained his composure. "I had to come too, didn't I? He already managed to escape from my watch once. This time I followed him. Someone needs to keep that cousin of mine out of trouble."
	I frowned slightly. "Fei Ziyi is here?"
	"He is. I've been trying to persuade him to go home, but he won't give up."
	"What is he doing? He hasn't really figured out how to get to Yuxin, has he?"
	Gao Yunzhe shook his head tiredly. "My cousin spends all his time chasing the pirates around. Even though he's always following them, he still hasn't found an opportunity to get to Xia Yuxin. I don't know much about martial arts, but I can tell that a number of those pirates are even more skilled than my cousin."
	"Can you take me to see Fei Ziyi?"
	"What-? Yes, of course. But something tells me that if he doesn't listen to me, chances are your words will fall on deaf ears as well."
	I let out a sigh. "I have a few things I want to tell him."
	"Alright. Follow me."
	As we walked, I glanced over my shoulder. I could see Zhao Minmin trailing me from out of the corner of my eye. It was fine. I didn't really expect them to let me go walking around alone.
	Gao Yunzhe led me to a restaurant. Fei Ziyi stood at the back of the room, resting his sheathed sword over his shoulder as he scanned the crowd. He was smiling lazily, but there was something blank in his eyes.
	I walked over to Fei Ziyi, but he didn't turn to look at me until I was standing right in front of him. He raised his brows as he finally acknowledged me. "Xia Xiyan. What do you want?"
	I crossed my arms. "Let's go outside and talk. I want you to be able to hear what I have to say." I turned on my heel and marched outside.
	Fei Ziyi emerged with Gao Yunzhe a few moments later. "Just what is it that you want?"
	"Fei Ziyi"-I shook my head as I looked at him-"only after Sister Chen died are you finally acting like a martial artist. Only after her death do you try to help her."
	"Xia Yuxin killed Chen Han!" he yelled. "I need to avenge her!"
	"Chen Han loved you," I said coldly. "You told her that you loved her, but when were you actually present in her life? She waited for you, but in the end, she couldn't wait long enough. Now that she's dead, do you think avenging her will make it up to her?"
	Fei Ziyi's face contorted in anger.
	I didn't let my confidence waver as I went on, "Chen Han wouldn't want you to die."
	"Who said I'm going to die?"
	"Fei Ziyi, the pirates are not your match."
	"Isn't that why you're here?" Fei Ziyi demanded. "You must have brought help. That's perfect-I'll join you all when you attack."
	"It's true that the Owl and Aspect Sect is here. I won't stop you, but if you get yourself killed, Sister Chen will never be able to rest in peace."
	Fei Ziyi took a deep breath. "You're right. When Chen Han was alive, it's true that I didn't give her as much attention as I should have. I regret it. I really, really, regret it. I spent too much time worrying about myself to pay attention to her feelings. Deep down I know I'm also responsible for her death. If only I had been more present, if only I had paid more attention-"
	"It's too late now to think about what could have been done."
	Gao Yunzhe finally spoke up. "Miss Xia, you don't think you're being a little harsh?"
	I opened my mouth to respond, but this time Fei Ziyi beat me to it. "Where can I find you and the other members of the Owl and Aspen Sect? I want to help strategize."
	"The first inn from the entrance of the town," I said shortly. "You can find us there." When no one else said anything, I turned and walked away.
	After a few minutes, Zhao Minmin fell into step beside me. I knew she had heard the entire exchange, and we walked in silence until we returned to the inn. The moment I opened the door to our room, I was greeted by Weiwei, who sprung forward to wrap her arms around me in a tight embrace.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei said tearfully as she finally released me, "where did you go? Minmin went to find you after you didn't return within an hour. Tian Yong and I waited here the entire day without any news. I-"
	"I'm sorry, Weiwei." I dropped my gaze. I hadn't been thinking properly. I still wasn't thinking properly. "It's my fault."
	"We found Fei Ziyi," Zhao Minmin said as she took a seat next to Tian Yong. "I suspect he'll show up at our inn soon."
	I curled up on the floor, exhausted. The last thing I remembered before drifting off was the lowered voices of my companions mingling into a whispering echo.

~

	"Little Tang," I called out as I materialized in the void-like cell. I stood with my feet firmly on the slick floor, observing the rot and bile everywhere. I set the bowl of murky liquid on the floor, careful not to let my fingers scrape the surface.
	"Dear friend," the ghost cackled as he lumbered toward me. With each step he took, pus oozed from his grotesque body. Suddenly, the ghost paused as his eyes fell on my human form. "How-?" Little Tang choked out. "Dear friend, is that you?"
	I nodded my head as I folded my arms over my chest.
	"Young lad"-Little Tang crept closer to me-"it's been so many years since I've last seen a human. Dear friend, show me a human maiden. It's been too long since I've seen a maiden."
	"I'm sorry, Little Tang," I said firmly. "You saw many maidens during your human life. So much that your own wife killed herself out of spite. You're here to reflect on your actions."
	The ghost let out an enraged bellow and lunged at me with bulging eyes. He clawed at me with his spindly arms, but they passed straight through my smoky body.
	"You-!" the ghost roared, but before he could continue, he started choking. I took a step backward as the ghost clawed at his throat. I took that as my cue to leave the cell.
	I entered Little Wang's cell next.
	"Human, human," the ghost said in amusement. The flames that made up his mouth grew into a twisted smile as I set down his tray of food. "Human, human," the ghost said again, "I want to peel your skin from your bones and wear it for myself."
	"Hello, Little Wang. I see that you've calmed your temper."
	"The skin of a human is priceless," the ghost continued as his flaming smile grew even larger. "Let me take your skin for myself."
	"Goodbye," I said.
	As I walked back toward the library, I searched the mist for any sign of Bifang, but the majestic crane was nowhere to be seen. Without warning, the ground around me began to glow. Panicked, I tried to flee, but within seconds, a wall of shadows shot up around me, and the next thing I knew, it was sweeping me away.
	When my feet landed on solid ground again, I was forced to my knees. I inhaled sharply as I looked around at my new surroundings. Suddenly realizing where I was, I dropped to the floor in a deep bow, pressing my forehead to the cold stones.
	"You," the demon lord's voice rumbled through the hall. "Let me see your face."
	I slowly raised my head. The demon lord let out an angry roar, and I squeezed my eyes shut as my human form was blasted apart. Back in my original smokey body, I trembled as I looked up at him.
	"Why do you disobey the rules of my realm?" the demon lord questioned from his throne on the other side of the hall. "You're a lowly thing unworthy of a physical form."
	"My lord," I started. My voice shook. "I only wish to be human."
	Out of the corner of my vision, I could see Lady Hui and the other ghosts lurking in the shadows. She caught me looking and sneered. Even though she wore a human skin, there was something very inhuman about the gesture.
	"Human?" The demon lord just stared at me in surprise for a long moment. "You're not the only one."
	I stared at him. "There are others?"
	"In the past, while shaping a new batch of demons from darkness, I experimented with modeling their hearts after the greatest evil I've ever known: the human heart. I only created a handful of them, and it's been centuries now since one has defied my rules so shamelessly." His face contorted in a mixture of rage and disgust. "Half of them were successes, but why does the other half defy me? Fine, then. If you want to be a human so badly, I will banish you to the human realm, as I did the others. If you think the demon realm is cruel, just wait until you are in the human realm."
	Before I could say anything, the demon lord rose from his throne. The moment he lifted his hand, the world turned to a blinding white light.
	Everything was spinning, and I was positive I was falling down, down, down. I was falling through the air-falling through space and time itself. I was being ripped away from my magic. There was a roaring all around me, and the light-it was eating away at my body of shadow.
	At long last, everything went still. A sky of blue rolled high above me, and green leaves swayed in the gentle breeze. This was the human realm.

~

	The sound of loud chatter filled the restaurant. Fei Ziyi, Gao Yunzhe, Tian Yong, Zhao Minmin, Weiwei, and I were all sitting around our small table, sharing our last meal before our attack on the pirates. For the most part, we ate in silence. Zhao Minmin had tried to strike up a conversation but stopped when it became too much of a struggle to keep it going.
      After a while, Tian Yong said, "I'd like to propose a toast. Here's to our success tomorrow."
      We lifted our glasses-well, all of us expect Fei Ziyi. He let out a scoff. He hadn't touched any of the food on the table, let alone his glass of liquor. But even so, Fei Ziyi had brought out his own gourd of liquor to drink while we ate.
      When we finished our dinner, we all rose from our seats. All of us except Fei Ziyi, who had fallen completely unconscious.
      Gao Yunzhe let out a sigh. "I knew my cousin wouldn't eat or drink any of your food. He's going to be bitterly angry once he finds out I drugged his liquor. But it's for his own good. He's the only family I have left. I can't let him get himself killed."
      "Thank you," I said softly. "Fei Ziyi should keep living. I hope one day I'll be able to repay you for your help."
      Gao Yunzhe shook his head. "You helped free me from those traffickers. Let's call ourselves even."
      I smiled faintly as I dipped my head. Now all that was left was to meet up with the rest of the members from the Owl and Aspen Sect to prepare. As I followed Tian Yong, Zhao Minmin, and Weiwei out the door, I hesitated in the doorway and turned to look back over my shoulder at Fei Ziyi and Gao Yunzhe.
      Gao Yunzhe caught my eye and motioned for me to follow my friends. Goodbye, Brother Gao, I mouthed.
      He just smiled sadly.
      Outside, Weiwei and I walked side by side. The ocean gleamed silver in the moonlight. There was something mesmerizing about it, and I found myself unable to draw my gaze away. We were lagging behind, and Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin had already vanished into the night.
      "Weiwei, my good sister," I said absently, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I don't know what's real anymore." A silent tear slipped under my mask, and I quickly wiped it away. "I don't know who to trust or what to believe. All I know is that I have to stop Yuxin from hurting others."
      "I believe we'll stop her," Weiwei said gently. "We've got the Owl and Aspen Sect on our side."
      I turned to face her. "You've always had faith in me. I-sometimes I wonder why you still stay with me. You know that I have nothing of value. I have nothing to give you in return."
      Weiwei smiled. "I don't need anything in return. I'm just grateful that you've let me hang around for so long. Between you and Yuxin, I was always the useless one of the three of us."
      "That's not true! If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have even survived the palace!"
      Weiwei let out a laugh and gazed up at the sky. "Xiyan, tell me, am I silly? Somehow I get the feeling that this is our last night together. But even when I know the end is near . . . I still can't voice all the words I want to say."
      "This feels like the end of a long journey to me, too. I'm determined to stop Yuxin-I want to talk to her and convince her to get back on the right path." I drew in a shaky breath. "But if the pirates get to me first . . . she'll end up in Tian Yong's, Zhao Minmin's, or anyone from the Owl and Aspen Sect's hands. If that happens, Weiwei, please look after her for me."
      Weiwei turned to look at me in alarm.
      I shook my head. "Yuxin is my sister. I'll sacrifice myself for her if I have to. I've already experienced the beautiful things life has to offer. She still hasn't had the chance to."
      We still had some time until we were supposed to meet the Owl and Aspen Sect members, so I changed my course to walk toward the empty docks. I gazed out at the water for a while, then reached up and slowly removed my mask. I turned it over in my hands. Then, taking a deep breath of the cold night air, I let the mask fall into the ocean. There was a heavy sadness within me, and I couldn't even force a smile onto my face anymore.
      When I turned to face Weiwei, she inhaled sharply. Demon, her lips moved as she read the scars on my face. "This is what you did that night when I lost you in the forest," Weiwei said as she blinked back her tears. "Xiyan, why? Why did you do this to yourself?"
      "All this time, I've been the foolish one. Weiwei, believe it or not, I'm not actually from the human realm. I was originally a demon from the demon realm. All I wanted was to experience life as a human, but I messed everything up. It's about time I put a stop to the mess I created and go back to where I belong."
      "Where do you belong?" Weiwei just shook her head. "Demon or not, I don't care. You belong here. You didn't cause any of this. Yuxin's path has nothing to do with you."
      I just tipped my head back to let the wind kiss my face. "We should go. It won't do us any good to be late."
      By the time we reached the restaurant where the members of the Owl and Aspen Sect were meeting, I was beginning to feel my heart rate increase in anticipation.
      "Is Master Zeng here?" I heard Tian Yong ask one of his fellow sect members.
      "Yes," the young man replied quietly. "He's upstairs."
      The Owl and Aspen Sect had completely rented out the restaurant to use as their base of operations for the night; the building was free of all ordinary customers, and a handful of members dressed in casual outfits patrolled the perimeter outside.
      Once everyone had arrived, a few of the members stepped forward to explain the plan. Even though the Owl and Aspen members spoke with confidence, I couldn't help but feel sad. They talked about Yuxin as if she was an unthinkable evil. They spoke about her as if she was a demon without a conscience. And while maybe their words did hold some truth, I knew Yuxin was so much more than that; she was a young woman who only ever wanted to be loved and respected. She had never truly been loved and instead had been abused for the majority of her life. She had to fight for her survival. After being subjected to a life of pain and horror, it wasn't easy for anyone to walk away from that without becoming a changed person.
      When the briefing was over, everyone left to prepare for the fight. I just leaned against the wall, lost in thought. If I had never been banished from the demon realm or met Yuxin, would she have been sent to the palace as a maid instead of me?
      I had been wrong about the human realm. It wasn't the perfect place I had read about in the stories. Maybe parts of it were beautiful, but that beauty couldn't last forever. There was love and happiness as well, but was all the pain and heartache worth it? My fingers absently tightened around the sheath of my sword. Morning was rapidly approaching. It was time to go.
    Chapter Twenty-Six

	I drew my sword as I stood on the dock with the Owl and Aspen members. We would fight until the pirates surrendered. Now, as we gathered on the dock, the pirates stood on the deck of their ships, cursing at us as they brandished their swords.
      The moment the sun began to show its head over the distant horizon, we all leaped onto the ships, and fighting erupted in a roar. As I crossed blades with the first pirate and then the next, I desperately scanned the deck for Yuxin. She was on this boat somewhere. Could she be hiding below deck?
	I felt a gentle tug on my sleeve, and I turned to find Weiwei standing by my side. She already had a deep gash across her forehead, and her eyes were worried as she scanned the commotion around us. "There!" Weiwei suddenly pointed.
	I followed her finger to the upper deck behind us. Yuxin was casually leaning against the railing as she watched the fighting play out below. Everything dulled around me as Yuxin's eyes met mine. She was dressed in black, and the fabric of her dress fluttered around her pale body.
	Yuxin just smiled as I climbed the stairs and came to a staggering stop on the opposite side of the deck.
	"Yuxin," I panted as I stared at her.
	"Xiyan," Yuxin greeted me. Her unbound hair danced on the wind as she looked past me to Weiwei, who was standing a short distance away. "And you . . . of course you're still with her. Have you told her yet?" I looked from Yuxin to Weiwei in confusion, but Weiwei's stoic expression gave nothing away. Yuxin took a step toward the two of us. "Are you here to kill me, Xiyan?" she asked with a smile.
	"I don't want to kill you," I whispered. "But I'm here to tell you to stop you. You killed so many people."
	Something flashed in Yuxin's eyes. "Xiyan, my entire life, I've had nothing. I've never been truly loved. Now, the only thing I want is to become the hero from the story. I just want to become the hero my younger self thought I could be and hoped to be before everything went the way it did. I killed the pirate lord. Now, I'm the one in control here. The pirates are at my beck and call, and I'm starting to think that maybe I can make it happen after all."
      "Have you heard what the people have been calling you, Yuxin?" I blinked back my tears. "They're calling you a demon! I knew you wanted to be a hero. And I supported you. But what you're doing now is not what a hero does. I don't want to hurt you, but whenever I think of Fan Wanqi and everyone else who died at your hand, I feel so guilty." I clutched my chest as I tearfully shook my head. "I feel like I'm being ripped apart from the inside."
      Yuxin's eyes were sad as she lifted an arm. "Do you recognize this dress?"
      I blinked as I looked closer at the flowing black fabric. "That's the purple one!"
      "The blood left a permanent stain, so I dyed it black. This way, it will never be dirtied again." Something sad flickered behind Yuxin's eyes as she slowly drew her sword from its sheath. "You've chosen your path, Xiyan. And I've chosen mine."
	I just shook my head hopelessly. "Yuxin-" But before I could continue, Yuxin charged at me. I quickly dodged her swing and raised my sword. Weiwei was at my side in an instant, and the two of us fought side by side as Yuxin continued to attack. Weiwei hissed in pain as Yuxin's blade slashed her cheek.
	Then Weiwei let out a startled sound as Yuxin forcefully knocked the sword out of her hand. Weiwei jumped backward, but I already knew what Yuxin was going to do before she even moved. I threw my sword to the ground. A split second after I threw myself in front of Weiwei, she wrapped her arms around me and spun me around. The next second, I was crying out in pain as the tip of Yuxin's blade pierced through my chest.
	My vision blurred with red as I let out a cry. Yuxin's sword had cut clean through Weiwei's back, the tip lodged just below my shoulder. Weiwei held me tightly, and a dull ringing filled my head as blood dribbled from her mouth. Her brow furrowed in pain as Yuxin withdrew her sword in one swift motion.
	"Weiwei!" I sobbed as we both collapsed to the floor. "Weiwei, why?"
	She just gave me a pained smile. Her clothes were stained red as her blood continued to seep from her wound. "Xiyan," she managed to say before her words were torn away in a series of violent coughs. Her blood splattered onto the deck.
	My vision swam with tears as I cradled Weiwei in my arms. I let out a sob.
	"Xiyan," Weiwei choked again, but before I could say anything, Weiwei's body went limp. Her tear-filled eyes were wide and unseeing as they reflected the clear sky.
	"Weiwei!" I sobbed as I hugged her tightly. It felt as if there was a knife twisting into my heart. It was difficult to breathe.
	Yuxin seemed to recover from her shock. "I didn't want to hurt you, Xiyan. But Weiwei . . . oh, Weiwei. Weiwei's pitiful, isn't she?" Her tone was laced with faint amusement.
	"What do you mean?" The entire world had blurred around me.
	"I'm the one who took Weiwei's letters," Yuxin said. She rummaged through the pockets in her sleeves before tossing a handful of papers onto the floor in front of me. "At first I was worried she was investigating me, but once I read their content, I thought if I needed to kill her one day, I could give them to you on her behalf."
	I held my breath as I reached out with a trembling hand toward one of the papers. I wiped my eyes with a hand covered in Weiwei's blood and began to read:

	Xiyan, I don't know how to tell you this, but I love you. I've been in love with you for years now. You've added color to my monochrome life and made every day worth living. In the palace, I was never brave enough to tell you. I'm not brave. I never have been, but I don't regret not telling you because then you fell in love with Gardener Shen. He made you happy in ways I couldn't. I was truly happy for the two of you. Ever since you fell in love with him, I knew your heart only had him. My heart only had you, but I can never tell you. I'm afraid if I speak up, I'll no longer get to stay by your side. All I want is for you to live and be happy.

	I stared at the ink for a long moment before I quickly reached for one of the other pieces of paper. I smoothed it out, or at least I tried to, but it proved very difficult with how violently my hands were shaking.

      Xiyan, I think I've fallen in love with you. I think I've driven myself crazy. All I can do is write out everything I can't say out loud. You've always been so close yet forever out of my reach. But you never belonged to anyone, Xiyan. You don't belong to anyone but yourself. Your path is yours to decide, and anywhere you want to go, I'm willing to follow you. I was never brave, but I will always be brave for you.

	I reached for the next letter.

      Xiyan, I love you.

	My tears were flowing again as I stared at Weiwei's handwriting. I reached for yet another one of the letters, but just as my fingers closed around the page, Yuxin put her foot down on it. I struggled in vain to free the paper.
	Then ever so slowly, I raised my gaze to look up at Yuxin. "You killed her," I breathed.
	Yuxin just wiped the blood from her sword on her dress.
	I let out a scream, but it was a choked and muffled sound. Out of the corner of my vision, I searched for Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin, but the fighting was still going on the lower deck. I closed my eyes, and my breathing came in uneven, shuddering breaths.
	Yuxin placed her still-bloodied sword to my neck. "I don't want to kill you, Xiyan, but I won't let you stop me either."
	I just shook my head as my vision blurred. I reached for Weiwei's lifeless hand, but suddenly something flashed out of the corner of my vision. I didn't give myself a moment's hesitation as I sprang to my feet. I threw myself in front of Yuxin, and pain sliced through me. I gritted my teeth and forced myself to look up. Fei Ziyi stared back at me. Shock flickered across his face for a brief moment before he withdrew his sword from my chest.
      "Xia Yuxin!" Fei Ziyi bellowed. "I'm going to kill you!"
      Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin leaped onto the upper deck to drag Fei Ziyi backward, crying "That's Xiyan, not Yuxin!"
      "Yuxin . . ." I turned around to face her. My blood had splattered onto her face, and I took a pained step toward her. She was shaking her head in shock and disbelief.
      I took one step forward after another. Yuxin caught me as I collapsed into her arms. Her face was drained of color. "Xiyan!" As Yuxin brushed strands of my hair away from my face, I grabbed her sword in one swift motion, pushed her away in another, and sank the sword into my chest.
      "Xiyan!" Yuxin screamed as she frantically tried to withdraw the sword, but I held it firmly in place. The sword was slick with my blood as my palms were sliced open.
	"Yuxin," I whispered, my voice labored. She knelt in front of me, sobbing as tears streamed down her face. "When you said that no one's ever truly loved you, that isn't true; I loved you. You're my sister. But now I'm dying under the same sword that killed Weiwei. I'm dying under the same sword that killed countless others. Yuxin, it's time to stop."
	My eyes flicked shut, and as my strength gave out, I drew in another labored breath. Yuxin finally managed to withdraw her sword and cradled me in her arms.
	"What-?" My eyes snapped open in surprise when Yuxin started laughing.
	Yuxin's shoulders shook as she let out another broken laugh. "Xiyan, I never wanted to hurt you. In the end, it turns out I didn't even know what love was." She let out another laugh and wiped the tears from her face with a blood-splattered sleeve. After she gently lay me down on the wooden floor, she rose to her feet. "You've always wanted to see me dance. Let me dance for you, Xiyan." Yuxin slowly removed her black dress. The fabric of her white inner robe fluttered in the wind as she bent down to pick up her sword.
	As she began to dance, tears continued to trickle down my face. She twirled the sword gracefully, and soon the fighting on the lower deck stopped. Everyone's eyes were on her, mesmerized as they watched. The only sound was Fei Ziyi's distant yells of, "Xia Yuxin, I'll kill you!"
      I realized what Yuxin was about to do next only a second before it happened. All I could do was let out a cry of despair as she lifted her sword to her neck and slit her throat. She was dead before she even hit the ground.
	I let out another sob. Both Weiwei and Yuxin lay dead next to me. As I continued to lie there, bleeding out, the sob turned into a scream. There was so much pain. Everything was on fire, and my vision spun before my eyes. There was a throbbing in my head-I could feel my one remaining horn. But when I clapped my hands to my head, there was nothing there. I screamed again as my horn shattered, and suddenly, magic surged through my veins.
	Even though my entire body was on fire, I didn't give myself a moment to second-guess as I quickly gathered all of my energy. I could feel it trying to escape me as I heaved myself into a sitting position, but I wouldn't let it. I crawled toward Weiwei, and then, closing my eyes, held my hands over her lifeless body. I didn't care that my life force was rapidly fading. I would bring Weiwei back to life, and then I would do the same for Yuxin.
	A bright light began to gather around me as I concentrated. My flesh burned as I channeled all my magic into Weiwei. All the pirates and Owl and Aspen Sect members alike gaped up at us in shock.
	"Xiyan!" I could hear Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin shouting my name. But it was almost as if I had sunk deep underwater. Their voices were nothing more than a faint echo through the flames that were tearing at me from the inside out.
	Suddenly, there was a flash of light, and then I was flying backward. Not backward, I suddenly realized-up. I was shooting upward, away from the pirate ship. Away from the town. All I could do was look on as my human body collapsed alongside Weiwei and Yuxin's lifeless figures.
	I struggled against the pull, but it was useless. When the light faded, I was floating in the middle of a massive hall.
	"You!" a voice roared. I trembled in the demon lord's presence. "How dare you!"
	Lady Hui stood next to the demon lord's throne, and she merely glared coldly when I looked at her, pleading for an explanation of what was happening. My mind was still a scattered mess. I couldn't keep up.
	"How dare you break the rules of the human realm!" the demon lord bellowed. "I banished you to the human realm, but I ended up having to take you back! You cannot meddle with the ways of the human realm; you could have done anything you pleased. Anything except bringing the deceased back to life!"
	"Why not?" I cried. "I owe her, I owe Weiwei-"
	"Silence!" the demon lord commanded.
	I fell silent as the entire hall shook from the force of his voice.
	"My lord," Lady Hui said, "please calm down. We got this troublesome demon back before it could cause any harm."
	The demon lord glared down at me from his throne. "Get out of my sight."
	When he didn't go on, I quickly turned and floated out of the hall. There was only one thought that echoed through my mind: I needed to find Weiwei.
	I flew as quickly as I could through the fog and haze. When I finally reached the cave-like room, I nearly choked at the number of human spirits packed inside. Sorrowful wails drifted up to me as I desperately scanned the crowds of people. This was a holding space for the people who were wronged during their lives-Weiwei had to be among them.
	"Weiwei!" I shouted. "Weiwei!"
	I descended, taking on a human form as I pushed through the crowd. I hopelessly scanned the sea of men and women, but there was no sign of her. I searched and searched and searched, but even after I had checked every last person in the cavern, I still couldn't find her.
	I let out a sob. Then a thought struck me: maybe Weiwei herself never thought she had been wronged during her life. If that was the case, she wouldn't even be here in the demon realm. She would have ascended. And I . . . I would never see her again.
	I floated there in a daze. But then . . . what about Yuxin?
	I hurried into the second chamber. "Yuxin!" I yelled. "Yuxin!"
	"Stop yelling," a demon said in annoyance as it drifted over to me. "Is Xia Yuxin the one you're looking for? She was placed in a cell to undergo her punishment days ago."
	I instantly turned and made my way to the cells.
      When I finally found her, I braced myself as I floated into the void-like cell. Yuxin sat in the middle of it, alone in the darkness. At my arrival, she warily looked up at me.
	I transformed back into Xia Xiyan before taking a seat across from her. I let out a sob. "Yuxin."
	"Xiyan?" Yuxin shook her head as she stared at me. "You were the demon all along!"
	I silently nodded my head.
	Yuxin let out a broken laugh. "This is what I deserve. I'll take my punishment without any complaints."
	"I'll stay with you," I said through my tears.
	"I never wanted things to end like this," Yuxin whispered as a tear slid down her own face.
	I just smiled sadly. "For as long as you're in the demon realm, I'll accompany you."

~

	"How are they, Bifang?" I asked as the magnificent crane landed in front of me.
      Perching on its single leg, Bifang ruffled its feathers. "I found all of the humans you asked about. Tian Yong and Zhao Minmin have gotten married. They've both withdrawn from the martial arts world and live contentedly with their two children. Fei Ziyi is following Gao Yunzhe, who just took the imperial exam. Even though his cousin is now part of the court, the Fei lad spends most of his time drunk and moping around. Master Zeng and the Owl and Aspen Sect have been overtaken by the Wandering Fox Sect. Master Huang of the Fire Sea Abyss Sect has retired after violently assassinating a pirate who secretly worked at the palace."
      I let out a sigh. "Thank you for checking on them for me, Bifang. I won't ask you to visit the human realm again."
      "Are you sure?" Bifang angled its feathery head to the side. "I don't mind."
      "I think it's for the best if the rest is kept a mystery."
      "I wish I could ascend to the upper realms and check on Hu Qiuwei for you," Bifang said regretfully, "but I'm still banished."
      "I know. Thank you, Bifang. For everything."
      "Where are you off to now?" Bifang inquired, hopping after me as I started on my way through the fog.
      "The library."
      "That's right, you've been working on your own book about your experiences in the human realm."
      I nodded. "It's been a few years now, and I'm nearly done with it. I think it will be on the shelf soon. That way, at least one of the books in the library will tell the truth about the human realm."
      "Where are you going after the library?" Bifang called as I floated over the threshold.
      "I'll go see Yuxin," I said simply.




