The Prince’s Cursed Life


Legend has it that the first son of the emperor and the empress had a curse put on him from birth. Through whispered rumors, the story spread across the land that it was an evil witch who cursed the boy. The witch—once the emperor’s lover—had grown bitterly jealous of the empress. After she cursed the prince, the witch vanished, never to be seen again.


~
        
        Ming Junfeng had been working at the place for nearly ten years now. During those years, he kept a low profile, slowly gaining trust and status. He had never been allowed inside the inner palace until now. Having just been promoted again, he was stepping inside it for the first time. Junfeng kept his head bowed as he silently counted his steps.
        An amused voice sounded. “So you’re the new arrival.”
Junfeng slowed to a stop and bowed respectfully to the man standing in front of him. “Ming Junfeng greets Head Eunuch Du.”
“Ming . . .” Eunuch Du eyed Junfeng up and down. “Now that you say your name, you do look familiar. I selected you myself when you were a child, no?”
“Yes. You, sir, told me that I’d become a handsome young man. You also told me that only handsome boys could be chosen because Her Majesty the Empress prefers to look at beautiful faces.” It was said that the empress had been selected by the emperor for her looks. She was known to be the most beautiful woman alive, but she was also known to be the most vain woman alive.
Eunuch Du let out an amused laugh. “Indeed she does. It seems like you must have some capabilities since you’ve made it to the inner palace. I’m the one in charge of teaching you your new responsibilities. I’m also the one you’re going to report to. Work hard, and I’ll defend you to the best of my ability. Harbor any ill intentions, and I won’t hesitate to dig out your heart myself and present it to Her Majesty.”
Junfeng bowed again. Something told him that was exactly what had happened to the eunuch he was replacing. “I understand. I won’t let you down, sir.”
“Good.” Eunuch Du motioned for Junfeng to rise. “Follow me.”
By the end of the day, Junfeng was appointed to take charge of a group of servants working in one of the courtyards. When Junfeng did his rounds around the inner palace, he could see it now: the prince’s palace. A monster lived behind those walls—a monster that consumed human hearts.


~


It had been a few months now since Junfeng had been promoted to his new position, and he arrived in the kitchen the same way he did every morning to inspect the dishes for poison with a silver needle. But just as he turned to leave, he paused as he noticed a servant he had never seen before.
Junfeng swiftly snatched one of the knives from the kitchen counter and pointed it at the servant. “Who are you? You don’t work here.”
The young man looked terrified as he dropped to his knees. “Please forgive me, sir! I’m new here and—and I got lost! I wanted to ask the kitchen staff if they could give me directions, but you found me first.”
When Junfeng determined that he sensed no malicious intent from the servant, he slowly set down the knife. If an unfamiliar person was to show up in the palace, it was protocol to report them immediately. But in the past, several assassins in disguise had snuck into the palace in an attempt to kill the monster prince. Junfeng had let them slip past him as well. Though, as the prince was still alive, none of them had been successful.
“I can’t let you poison the food behind my back,” Junfeng said coolly as he turned toward the door. “Follow me.”
The servant scurried after Junfeng. There was silence until Junfeng came to a stop at the entrance of one of the empty courtyards. “Why are you really here?” Junfeng asked as he finally turned around to face the servant.
The servant dropped his gaze. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m really just a new servant here.”
Junfeng raised a brow at that but didn’t push it. “You need to be careful here in the inner palace. And whatever you do, stay away from Head Eunuch Du. If I, a newcomer to the inner palace was suspicious of you, you’d no longer be alive if it was Eunuch Du.”
The servant frowned. “Why are you telling me this? Why are you helping me?”
Junfeng casually folded his arms across his chest. “You could say that we have the same goal in mind.”
The servant just kept his gaze averted. “I’m sorry, sir. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” As the servant nervously shuffled his feet, Junfeng took note of a dark mole on the side of the young man’s neck. And if he looked even closer, he could see jagged scars peaking out beneath the servant’s sleeves. A martial artist?
“How about this,” Junfeng said. “You can go back to your work. I never saw you here.”
The servant bowed rapidly. “Thank you, sir!”
Over the next few days, Junfeng noticed the new servant working in the courtyards. He ignored the servant, and it seemed like the end of their interactions until a week later, when Junfeng sensed someone walking behind him down one of the deserted corridors.
Junfeng slowly turned around to face the servant.
“You’re here to kill the monster prince too, aren’t you.” The servant’s voice was no more than a whisper.
Junfeng just frowned. “You aren’t afraid that I’ll turn you in right now?”
The servant shook his head.
“Are you a martial artist?” Junfeng questioned.
The servant blinked. “What? Not at all.”
“Then how are you planning to execute your plan? Who sent you here?”
“Look,” the servant said quietly as he produced a silver needle from one of the pockets in his sleeve. “My master sent me into the palace with poisonous needles. Just one prick will be able to end someone’s life.”
Junfeng inhaled sharply. “Is it even safe for you to carry around such an item?”
The servant offered Junfeng a sad smile. “I bet you’ve already noticed my scars. My master saw to it that I became tolerant of deadly poisons. He’s the one who sent me into the palace. I’m his weapon.”
“That’s a suicide mission.”
The servant just shrugged. “I’m sure that many have failed before, and I know I certainly won’t be able to succeed on my own.”
“Are you saying that the two of us should work together?”
The servant nodded. “Our goals are the same. Maybe if we work together, one of us will succeed.”
After glancing over his shoulder one last time to make sure no one was listening in on their conversation, Junfeng dipped his head in a nod. “Do you have a plan?”
The servant nodded again. “There’s a wall on this side of the palace right next to the prince’s courtyard. You need to find a ladder and climb over the wall. I’ll distract the guards.”
“So you’re sending me off to die?”
“No, no!” The servant rapidly shook his head. “It’s the guards that are the dangerous part. The prince should be asleep. All you need to do is kill him. Here”—the servant held out one of his needles to Junfeng—“you can take this as well.”
Junfeng instinctively flinched back from the needle as he eyed it suspiciously.
The servant sighed. “Just take it. I’ll feel better knowing that you have one. I have a lot more of them.”
After a long moment, Junfeng hesitantly reached out to take it.
The servant broke out into a relieved smile once Junfeng had carefully pocketed the needle. “I don’t want there to be any more death. Once the prince is dead, the world will be at peace again. I hope I can count on you.”
Junfeng nodded. Maybe he was being reckless by working with this unknown assassin, but this was an opening he couldn’t pass up either. He had planned to kill the prince alone, but now he had a helper.
Once the servant had scurried away, Junfeng took out the poisoned needle to look at it carefully. Maybe he and the servant were alike after all. They were both pawns of a much larger plan.


~


        Under the cover of night, Junfeng swiftly strode through the corridors of the palace. He knew the rotation of the guards, and his own path was empty. Junfeng had picked up a knife along the way and now clenched the handle tightly as he quickened his pace.
        Junfeng came to a stop at the wall he and the servant had staked out over the past few days. He grabbed the ladder he had dropped off earlier in the day and quickly scaled the stone wall. Landing silently on the grass of the courtyard below, he crouched there in the dark. The soft clinking of armored footsteps sounded in the distance as the guards patrolled the outside of the yard.
        Suddenly, one of them let out a cry, and then their footsteps were growing softer as they all ran out of the yard. “Catch them!” angry voices called out. “Halt!”
        Junfeng slowly rose to his feet. The servant had been successful in leading away the guards after all. Junfeng crept toward the wooden building and jumped inside the first window he could find. He wasn’t even sure if he was breathing as he tiptoed through the prince’s palace. Scrolls of calligraphy hung from the ceiling, and the paper floated gently on a breeze. He could smell ink and wood and cloth as he continued.
        Finally, Junfeng arrived in what must have been the prince’s bedroom. It was dark save for the light from the moon spilling in from the open window. Junfeng turned his gaze to the bed and found that there was a figure sleeping there.
        Junfeng slowly tiptoed closer. The figure didn’t stir. Within seconds, Junfeng was near enough to see the prince clearly. His face was hidden behind his long black hair, and his robes glowed silver in the dim light. Junfeng’s knife glinted as he raised it in the air, but just as he made to plunge it into the prince’s heart, he froze. He blinked, but his eyes weren't playing tricks on him; there was a dark mole on the prince’s neck.
        Junfeng just stood there with his knife hovering inches away from the prince’s body. Finally, Junfeng lowered the blade. “You don’t have to pretend to be asleep,” he said quietly. “I know you’re awake.”
        The prince slowly sat up to look at Junfeng. “Why didn’t you do it?”
        Junfeng just shook his head in disbelief. “You lied to me. You’re the prince?”
        The prince nodded. “I’m Prince Yin Jin, the cursed prince. Ming Junfeng, I had so much faith in you. Why did you put the knife down?”
        Junfeng looked at the prince incredulously as he got over his momentary shock. “You want me to kill you?”
        Prince Yin Jin dipped his head in a nod.
        Junfeng raised his knife again and pointed it at the prince. “I don’t understand. You snuck out to plot against yourself?”
        The prince averted his gaze. “I’ve been afraid of pain since I was a child. I didn’t completely lie to you; my mother didn’t want anyone to be able to poison me, so she hired a poison master to see to it that I’d become immune to them.”
        “So then . . .” Junfeng glanced at the scars peeking out from beneath the prince’s sleeves. “The empress did this to you?”
        “Not all of them.” The prince raised his head to stare up at the ceiling. Junfeng slowly lowered his blade again as the prince went on, “I was around six years old when I realized I was different. My mother was the one who brought me a human heart every day. When I realized what I was and what I was doing, I was horrified.
“When I refused to eat, my mother would force-feed me. I know that every day I live another human dies . . .” the prince’s hands clenched into fists. “But what’s more is that if I die, the curse on me will move to my royal father. So he can only keep me locked up in this palace. He’s terrified of my curse. He’s terrified of me. I finally managed to convince my mother to let me leave my courtyard and see the palace dressed as a servant. I thought maybe there I could somehow seek help. And then I met you.”
“Your Highness,” Junfeng started, at a loss for words.
“You should kill me.” Junfeng just stared as the prince reached out and gently raised Junfeng’s arm so the knife was glinting between them. “I’ve said too much. It’s not often that I have people to talk to . . . As we’re acquaintances, could you do me this small favor? Look, I won’t even struggle. Just make it quick, okay?”
“I—” Junfeng shook his head. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. This was what he had been sent to the palace for. So why was he hesitating now? “I can’t.” Junfeng let the knife fall from his fingers and clatter onto the wooden floor.
The moment the knife clattered to the ground, the prince’s hands closed around Junfeng’s neck. Junfeng stood in shock as the prince’s clawed fingers obstructed his airflow. “If you don’t kill me, you and thousands of others will die!” the prince hissed.
Junfeng struggled to break free. He kicked out at the prince, and he felt the grip around his neck loosen long enough for him to snatch up his fallen blade. Junfeng’s blade was at the prince’s throat again in an instant. The prince’s hands closed around the blade, and his blood ran red as he tried to force the knife forward.
Junfeng paused again, and in one swift movement, he yanked the blade free from the prince’s grasp and tossed it across the room.
“Why?” Prince Yin Jin asked. His voice was a broken sound and he brushed his hair away from his face with bloodied hands.
“I came here to kill a monster,” Junfeng said shortly. “Even though I haven’t known you for long, Your Highness, I can say with much certainty that you’re not a monster. Besides, if I kill you, I’d be doing a disservice to the kingdom. Chaos would break out if word spreads that it’s the emperor himself who is consuming human hearts after your death. The witch who put this curse on you is the real monster. If the witch dies, will your curse be lifted?”
The prince just stared unseeingly into the dark. “I don’t know. I just can’t go on like this. You’ve seen my scars. I’ve tried to end myself countless times, but I always stop because if my curse really transfers to my father . . . It might be hard to believe, but I want what’s best for the people. When I thought about it more, though, so what if my father gets the curse? If he doesn’t tell anyone, no one has to know. No one has to know that I’m dead, and he can get the hearts using the excuse that they’re still for me. Maybe I got ahead of myself, though.”
“How did you lead the guards outside away?” Junfeng decided to change the topic.
Prince Yin Jin smiled faintly. “Have you heard of the art of shadow puppets? It’s quite useful.” Suddenly, the sound of armored footsteps sounded, and the prince’s expression instantly turned worried. “You need to hide!”
Junfeng’s gaze snapped to the closet in the back of the room, but the prince worriedly shook his head. The guards will check there, he mouthed.
Junfeng closed his eyes for a moment as he weighed his options. When they snapped open again, he reluctantly slid under the prince’s bed. Prince Yin Jin let the blankets slide forward so Junfeng was completely hidden from sight. A moment later, there was the sound of the door flying open.
“Your Highness!” one of the guards called. “Are you alright?”
“What are you talking about?” the prince asked tiredly. “Weren’t you the ones who told me that there were assassins outside my palace and that I was to stay put? Well? Did you get them?”
“They must have escaped, Your Highness.”
The prince let out a sigh. “It’s fine.”
Just then, a new pair of footsteps sounded, and there was a swoosh of heavy fabric trailing over the floorboards. “Jin’er!” a woman’s voice exclaimed. “Your hands!”
“Your Majesty,” the guards chorused.
“Your Majesty,” one of the guards said suddenly. There was a clanking of armored footsteps. “Look at this!”
Junfeng held his breath. The guards had found the knife.
“Jin’er!” a woman’s voice said, horrified. “The guards told me that assassins tried to break in. Did they do this to you?”
“I’m sorry, Mother. I was the one who brought the knife back myself.”
“What did I tell you about this? You can’t die! And your father . . . he’ll be the one with the curse! It was my mistake to let you out of your palace. Make sure to watch him closely; he can’t leave this courtyard anymore.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” the guards chorused.
“Search the room for any other weapons,” the empress commanded. There was shuffling, and Junfeng stayed as still as he could. The next few minutes dragged by at a painfully slow pace before the guards finally exited the room. “Jin’er,” the empress said softly, “I’ve finished bandaging your hands. Try and get some sleep. I’ll be back in the morning.” With that, there were footsteps before the empress finally exited the room and closed the doors behind her.
A good five minutes had passed before Prince Yin Jin spoke up. “It’s safe to come out now.”
Junfeng slowly crawled out from under the bed and brushed the dust from his robes. He bowed to the prince. “Thank you for saving my life, Your Highness.”
Prince Yin Jin just sighed as he brushed back his long hair. “I don’t want anyone to die. That’s my problem. Sometimes I wonder if life would be easier for me if I didn’t care—if it would be easier if I was heartless. But I’ve always been this way.”
“You don’t take after your mother, then?”
The prince just frowned at him through the dark. “It’s true that my mother is known to be vain, but she isn’t heartless. I know what she’s doing is immoral, but what mother doesn’t care for her child?”
“My mother sent me off to the palace without any regrets,” Junfeng said quietly. “She didn’t do anything when my father sent me to meet my death.”
“Let me guess—you were sent here to assassinate me.”
Junfeng nodded. “It’s been ten years since I’ve entered the palace. I’ve been biding my time. I thought that by killing you, the prince, the kingdom would be saved. But if the curse moves to the emperor himself . . . that would just cause chaos.”
Prince Yin Jin averted his gaze. “I don’t know what to do. I’ve been locked up here for my entire life, and I’ll be imprisoned here until the day that I die.”
Junfeng folded his arms over his chest. “I can’t leave the palace until I’ve got rid of the cursed monster for good. I don’t want to stay here for another ten years. I’ll try my best to help you think of a way.”
“We should get you out of this courtyard,” Prince Yin Jin said as he rose to his feet. “You won’t be able to get past the guards at the front entrance.”
“How do I get out, then?”
The prince frowned again. “I don’t think the shadow puppets will work again tonight. I think your best bet is to climb over the back wall.”
Prince Yin Jin climbed out of one of the windows and gestured for Junfeng to follow him. Climbing over the wall without a ladder proved to be much more difficult than Junfeng had anticipated.
“Do you think you can climb over?” Prince Yin Jin asked. After Junfeng’s numerous failed attempts, Junfeng was now standing on the prince’s shoulders as he tried to reach the top of the stone wall.
Junfeng shook his head. “It’s still too high.”
Junfeng staggered after he leaped back to the ground. The prince quickly reached out to steady him, but he stopped when Junfeng looked at him in surprise. The prince let his hand fall back to his side as he turned to look up at the wall again. “We have to think of some way to get you out of here before morning. Or what if I tell my mother when she comes in the morning that you helped protect me from the so-called assassins? Do you think that would work?”
Junfeng paused. “What if the empress doesn’t believe you?”
“She’ll listen to me,” Prince Yin Jin said confidently. “Don’t worry. You said yourself that you’re going to try and figure out a way to get rid of the curse for good. Of course I can’t let you die.”
The prince led Junfeng back inside and began lighting the candles. Junfeng hesitantly took a seat at the table after the prince motioned for him to sit. In the light, Junfeng could see the prince clearly.
“Still surprised by my identity?” Prince Yin Jin asked mildly.
Junfeng pinched the bridge of his nose in an attempt to ward off a headache. “I just don’t understand. Why does the curse have to be this way? How long am I going to have to investigate it? Is it even possible to investigate within the palace walls?”
“I could try to send you out of the palace if needed—”
Junfeng held up a hand, cutting him off. “We’ll cross that bridge when we get there. For now, it’s important to start within the palace walls.”
There was a long pause before the prince spoke up. “If you don’t mind me asking, what was your identity before entering the palace?”
“My father was the leader of a martial arts sect,” Junfeng explained. “I’m the youngest of his eight sons. He taught me martial arts up until I was nine—up until he sent me to the palace. I know enough to defend myself if needed. I don’t know what became of him or anyone in my family. When I first entered the palace, I tried to convince myself to be proud that I’d been chosen. Out of all my brothers, my father had chosen me to become an assassin. But later, I was resentful. Why did I have to be sent to my death?”
“You’re much more talkative now,” the prince remarked.
“I’m just in shock, Your Highness.”
“I understand. Would you care for a drink?”
Junfeng eyed the bandages around Prince Yin Jin’s hands. “Your injuries—”
The prince just smiled faintly. “These aren’t a problem.”
“Well, if Your Highness is offering, it would be rude of me to refuse.”
Before long, Junfeng had a cup of wine in his hands. Prince Yin Jin had already finished three and was pouring himself another, not drunk in the slightest. “I’ve never had anyone to drink with before,” the prince said as he turned to look out the window.
Junfeng followed his gaze to the stone wall beyond and the night sky above. “And I’ve never had such a confusing night.”
The prince let out a laugh.
Junfeng had finished his cup of wine by this point, but he shook his head when Prince Yin Jin motioned to the pitcher sitting in the middle of the table. “Morning is still hours off,” the prince pointed out as he turned back to the window. “If you’re tired, given that you’re stuck here, you might as well try and get some sleep.”
“I’d rather stay awake,” Junfeng said shortly.
The prince nodded and rose to his feet a moment later, walking over to the window to gaze up at the night sky. “Let me ask you a question.”
Junfeng remained silent as he waited for the prince to go on.
“How much would you sacrifice for the people of this kingdom?”
“Ever since I entered the palace, I’ve been working for the imperial family. I’ve been working for the people. Would I give up my life if I could help them remain at peace? I don’t know. I’m just an assassin who should have died tonight for making the mistake of trusting you.”
“But you didn’t die.”
Junfeng exhaled through his nose. “If you weren’t set on dying tonight, would you have killed me?”
The prince turned to face Junfeng. “I would have tried. My mother gave me these poison needles to protect myself, and in turn protect my father from the curse. The guards are very diligent, but there were a couple of instances where I did have to use the needles.”
“You know how to fight?”
The prince let out a tired laugh. “Do I look like I know how to fight? I’ve been weak ever since I was young. It might have something to do with my lack of proper nourishment. The only solid food I can consume is human hearts.”
“How do you spend your days, then?”
“I read. My mother gives me new books every week. I spend a lot of time wondering what life outside this courtyard is like. What life outside the palace is like.”
Junfeng dropped his gaze.
When morning came, Prince Yin Jin reassured Junfeng to remain at the table. The sound of footsteps sounded in the courtyard outside, and a moment later, the doors slid open to reveal the empress herself. Junfeng bowed deeply. “Your Majesty.”
Before the empress could say a word, Prince Yin Jin stepped forward. “Mother, this is Ming Junfeng. Last night, it was him who saved me from the assassins! To show my gratitude, I offered to treat him to a drink.”
Junfeng could feel the empress’s eyes on his bowed head. “This young eunuch saved you?”
“He heard a commotion and followed the assassins. When all the guards were distracted by the assassins, one of them snuck in and tried to kill me. It was a good thing Ming Junfeng followed him and stopped him just in time.”
“Raise your head,” the empress prompted. “I want to see your face.”
Junfeng slowly raised his head.
        “Do you know that sneaking around the palace at night is a crime?”
        “Yes, Your Majesty.” Junfeng quickly bowed his head again.
        “Mother”—Prince Yin Jin took another step forward—“please don’t be too hard on him. He saved my life.”
        “Eunuch Ming,” the empress said sternly, “you broke the palace curfew and deserve to be punished. But since you saved my son’s life, I’ll spare you.”
        Junfeng dropped to his knees and pressed his forehead to the floor in a deep bow. “Thank you, Your Majesty, for your kindness.”
        “Mother,” Prince Yin Jin spoke up again, “I’d like to request that you give him the ability to visit my courtyard.”
        The empress blinked. “What—?”
        “Ming Junfeng and I talked for hours. You could say that we’re friends now. I’ve never had a friend before, Mother. I know that you’re suspicious of people getting close to me in case they try to kill me. But Eunuch Ming just saved my life. Why would he kill me after that?”
        Finally, the empress let out a sigh. “Fine. If you must meet with someone, I’d rather them come to your courtyard than have you wander around the palace. Eunuch Ming can visit you for two hours a day. Whenever he visits, I want a guard to keep watch at all times.”
        “Yes, Your Majesty,” the guards behind her chorused.
        Once the empress had turned away, Prince Yin Jin met Junfeng’s gaze and flashed him a knowing smile.
        Junfeng just looked away.
        “Jin’er”—the empress glided over to the prince—“you need to eat.” She motioned for a guard holding a tray to step over. Junfeng watched out of the corner of his eye as the guard lifted the lid of the bowl. He quickly looked away, nauseated. He had caught a glimpse of something bloody and raw inside.
        “Shouldn’t we send Eunuch Ming back first?” Prince Yin Jin asked quickly. “He’s already running late for work.”
        “He can leave later,” the empress said silkily. “Until I get the report on his background, he has to stay here under the eyes of my guards.”
        “Can we at least send him and the guards outside? I feel uneasy having everyone watching me eat.”
        After the empress agreed, Junfeng moved outside with the guards. Junfeng could feel the eyes of the guards watching him, but he just stared blankly at the stone walls of the courtyard.
        Once the empress left, Junfeng heard footsteps approaching. “Ming Junfeng.” It was the prince.
        Junfeng instinctively took a step back as he turned to face him.
        The prince stopped at Junfeng’s reaction. “You want me to stay away?”
        Junfeng nodded silently.
        The prince sighed as he nodded as well. “I understand. I just wanted to tell you that since I don’t know how long my mother’s investigation of you is going to take, you can stay in the room on the far side of the courtyard.”
        Junfeng bowed to the prince before turning and walking in the direction the prince had directed him. Once alone inside the room, Junfeng pressed a hand over his mouth. His stomach felt uneasy. He had drunk more than he was used to the previous night. Junfeng took a deep breath to try and clear his head. Since he was young, the sight of blood always made him feel dizzy. His parents were well aware of that fact, but his father still chose to send him into the palace as an assassin anyway.
        Junfeng still remembered very clearly one instance in particular where one of his brothers had “accidentally” nicked Junfeng’s arm with a dull blade. Junfeng had been around seven at the time and fainted at the blood. His brothers never let him hear the end of it after that. Junfeng tried to train himself to get used to the sight of blood, but for a while his training had only resulted in a lot of fainting and throwing up.
        Junfeng walked over to the window and pushed it open. Light flooded the room, and he stood there, gazing out at the stone walls. He wasn’t worried about the empress’s background check on him; his father had ensured that Junfeng’s new identity was flawless and his old one erased as if he had never existed. Even his brothers were under the impression that he died. Back then, Junfeng had felt betrayed when he found out his mother hadn’t done anything to change his father’s mind. And since then, Junfeng had been alone. Ever since he entered the palace, he didn’t expect to leave it.
        Junfeng’s mind was beginning to feel hazy, and staying up all night hadn’t helped. Fortunately, he didn’t have to wait long before the empress’s guards returned. Junfeng and the prince stood outside in the courtyard as the guards announced that they hadn’t found anything questionable about Junfeng’s background.
        On his way out, the guards escorting him informed him that every evening, two hours before sunset, he was allowed to go visit the prince if he so desired.
        Junfeng didn’t visit the prince for the first few days. On the evening of the fourth day, Junfeng forced himself to walk toward the prince’s courtyard. Junfeng wasn’t sure what his plan even was. Was he looking for clues to try and figure out how to get rid of the curse? Or was he looking for a way he could kill the prince without the curse jumping to the emperor?
        “Ming Junfeng.” Prince Yin Jin’s voice greeted him as Junfeng arrived in the enclosed courtyard.
        “Your Highness.”
        The prince led Junfeng over to the stone table off to the side of the courtyard. He watched as the prince took a seat, all the while all too aware of the guards watching his every move. Junfeng silently took a seat opposite the prince, only after the latter motioned for him to join.
        Prince Yin Jin lowered his voice. “So, what’s your plan?”
        Junfeng blinked. “My plan?”
        The prince nodded expectantly.
        “Learn as much as I can about the curse, I suppose. Then see if I can be sent out of the palace to investigate—see if I can use any of that information to find the witch’s whereabouts.”
        The prince sighed. “If you want to leave the palace, you can just ask me.”
        “I want to help investigate the curse.” Junfeng raised his gaze to meet the prince’s.
        Prince Yin Jin turned to look at the stone walls surrounding the courtyard. “I could send you out of the palace, you know, if that’s what you desire. I can tell my mother that you’re going to investigate the witch, and then you can vanish. You’ll be free.”
        Junfeng frowned. “I don’t want to run away. I just want to eliminate the curse.”
        The prince raised a brow as he turned back to Junfeng. “And this is all out of the goodness of your own heart?”
        “Why not?”
        “In the stories I’ve read,” the prince said knowingly, “that’s what they all say when they have an ulterior motive.”
        Junfeng actually let out a laugh at that. “You read too much fiction, Your Highness.”
        “There’s more”—the prince was smiling now—“we’ll become good friends, but then the beautiful young woman will appear and turn us into bitter rivals.”
        “Your Highness, those stories are just stories. Who said anything about a beautiful young woman? Who said anything about the two of us becoming good friends?”
        The prince just shrugged. “That’s how all the stories go. Besides, if not read, what am I supposed to do all day? I’ve already completed all my homework. My teacher drops it off once a month because he’s too frightened to spend time with me. As a child, I wanted to learn martial arts. But I quickly realized my body was too weak.”
        “If you’re still interested in learning,” Junfeng started, “I could show you a couple of easy routines. I learned them as a child, and most of them weren’t very complex.”
        The prince’s face broke into a smile. “You’d show me?”
        Junfeng nodded. If he was going to be working with the prince, he might as well try to get on his good side. “Here.” Junfeng rose to his feet and motioned for Prince Yin Jin to do so as well. “I’ll show you the simplest one I know.”


~


        Junfeng visited the prince’s courtyard at least once a week. He spent time asking the prince about the curse, and even though the prince would answer truthfully and tell Junfeng as much as he knew, Junfeng wasn’t any closer to figuring out how to get rid of it.
        This time when Junfeng made his way to the courtyard, there were more guards gathered around than usual. They let Junfeng pass without any comments, and Junfeng entered the courtyard to find a long-haired figure sitting across the table from the prince.
        “Junfeng,” Prince Yin Jin called out as he spotted him. “Now that you’re here, we can do proper introductions.”
        Junfeng raised a brow as he walked over to the table. The long-haired figure turned to glance at him. She was a young woman with large eyes, and was dressed in flowing yellow. “So you’re Eunuch Ming. His Highness was telling me about you.”
        Junfeng bowed respectfully to the young woman. “I’m Ming Junfeng. And you are . . .?”
        “I’m Xiao Meng,” the young woman said. “My father works in the imperial court.”
        “What brings Lady Xiao here?” Junfeng questioned.
        “The empress invited me.” Lady Xiao shrugged gracefully. “She asks me every year, but this year my father couldn’t come up with a good enough excuse for me not to go.”
        Junfeng blinked at how relaxed Lady Xiao’s posture was. “You don’t seem to be very wary of the prince.”
        “I met him before. The empress was still considering marriage for him back when she thought the witch could be found and forced to reverse the curse. We were both around ten. I already had someone I wanted to marry, so the prince and I decided to put on an act for everyone that we didn’t get along.”
        Junfeng raised a brow at that but remained silent.
        “General Liu,” Lady Xiao said dreamily as she gazed up at the blue sky. “My father already promised us that when he returns home from the battlefields, we can get married. After seeing how in love we were, he’s been trying to convince the empress to give up the idea of having me marry the prince. Fortunately, it seems the empress has given up the idea after all.”
        “Then why are you here?” Junfeng asked. “You’re not here to assassinate His Highness, are you?”
        Lady Xiao looked at Junfeng innocently. “Isn’t that what you’re here to do? From what the prince told me, it sounds like you’re the real assassin.”
        Junfeng stared at the prince. What did you tell her?
        The prince just gave Junfeng a guilty smile. Everything, I suppose.
        Junfeng let out an exasperated sigh.
        “Now that we’re all here, let’s head inside,” Prince Yin Jin suggested.
        Once inside, Junfeng stood off to the side. He watched the prince and Lady Xiao take a seat on opposite sides of the table and started a game of chess. It didn’t take long for Prince Yin Jin to call Junfeng over. “Junfeng, do you have any suggestions?”
        Lady Xiao raised her brows as Junfeng walked over to stand next to the prince. “Two against one? That hardly seems fair.”
        The prince smiled guiltily. “It will make the game more interesting. I’ve never been very good at chess.”
        “I learned when I was young,” Junfeng said as he stared down at the pieces. “We’ll see how much I still remember. Here”—Junfeng pointed to the board. “Moving here should help.”
        “Here?” The prince pointed as he followed Junfeng’s finger.
        “Here.” Junfeng held out his hand for the chess piece, and the prince gave it to him.
        Lady Xiao rested her chin on the palms of her hands. “I think the two of you would look good together.”
        Junfeng hastily took a step backward. “I’d advise you not to make fun of His Highness.”
        Prince Yin Jin had averted his gaze.
        Lady Xiao sighed. “Just take my words as a joke.” Then she looked up at Junfeng. “Eunuch Ming, may I have a word?”
        Junfeng glanced at the prince. Prince Yin Jin nodded, and Junfeng followed Lady Xiao out of the room. Once they were out of earshot of the prince, Lady Xiao turned to face Junfeng.
        “You’re investigating the curse.”
        Junfeng remained silent as he waited for Lady Xiao to continue.
        “Actually, I know the way to break the curse. That’s why I agreed to enter the palace and see if there was anyone inside I could tell.”
        “How do you know?” Junfeng asked quickly.
        “General Liu found the witch,” Lady Xiao said grimly.
        “How do you break the curse?”
        Lady Xiao held Junfeng’s gaze. “He has to be betrayed by the one he loves the most. That person has to cut out the prince’s heart. Only that way can the prince die without the curse jumping to the emperor.”
        Junfeng glanced in the direction they had come. “The empress will never do it.”
        Lady Xiao nodded. “That’s why I came to see if there was anyone else that could get close enough to the prince.” Then she sighed. “His Highness helped me in the past. I know his character. I don’t want him to die such a death. But we can’t keep having people dying one after the other to give him their hearts.”
        “That just seems too cruel . . .”
        “The curse itself is too cruel. The witch cast it with the intent that the emperor would suffer. He can’t do anything but live in guilt, worrying for his son and dreading that if his son gets killed, the curse will pass on to him. From what the prince himself was telling me about you, you want to stop all the death as well. Now that I’ve relayed my information to you, I’ll leave the rest up to you.”
        “Don’t worry,” Junfeng said quietly. “I’ll do my best to find someone for the prince to fall in love with.”
        Lady Xiao bowed her head to Junfeng. “Thank you.”
        The two of them returned to the prince to find him gazing intently at the chess board. “I think I figured out what my next move should be.” When neither of them responded, the prince raised his head. He looked surprised as he glanced from Junfeng to Lady Xiao and back again. “Is everything alright?”
        Junfeng mustered a smile. “Of course.”


~


        Back in his own quarters, Junfeng found himself unable to sleep. He lay in the dark, staring up at the ceiling. How was he going to find someone who would accept the task of assassinating the prince? For that matter, how was Junfeng going to find anyone willing to get close to the prince?
        Junfeng rolled over to stare unseeingly at the wall. This is the right thing to do, Junfeng told himself. This is the only way to prevent more innocents from dying. If he hadn’t met the prince, he would have been eager to arrange a line of young women to try their luck. But now that he knew the prince’s character, thinking this way made Junfeng feel guilty.
        Junfeng rolled over again. How would he get the prince to fall in love with someone? Well, first he would have to learn what the prince’s interests were. Junfeng let out a tired sigh. He might as well start inquiring when he saw the prince the following day.


~


        “Besides reading, is there anything else you like to do in your free time?”
        Prince Yin Jin looked up at Junfeng from where the two of them were sitting around the chessboard. The prince had asked if Junfeng could teach him what he knew about chess, and Junfeng had agreed. “Reading is the most fun. I get to pretend I’m the fantastical hero of the story instead of a monster caged up in this courtyard.”
        “Do you like watching plays, then? Do you like acting?”
        The prince blinked. “I haven’t thought about that before. I’ve never seen a play.” His dark hair was unbound today, a stark contrast to his light-colored robes. His expression was curious, and Junfeng found himself avoiding the prince’s gaze. “What about you?”
        Junfeng looked up in surprise. “What about me?”
        “What do you like to do for fun?”
        “You want to know about me?”
        The prince blinked again as if it were obvious. “Of course! We’re friends now, aren’t we? I really thought Lady Xiao would be the young woman who turns us into enemies, but it seems like we have to keep waiting.”
        “I don’t have much free time,” Junfeng admitted, “but I enjoy painting.”
        “Painting?” the prince asked eagerly.
        Junfeng smiled faintly as he nodded. “I only started a couple of years ago. I’m still learning.”
        “Maybe one of these days you could show me how to paint.”
        “And maybe one of these days, you could let me read one of those books you like so much.”
        Prince Yin Jin smiled as he climbed to his feet. “I have plenty of them lying around. I’ll go grab one right now.”
        Junfeng sat quietly as the prince rummaged around the bookshelves. Maybe he would find out more about the prince from the books he read.
        “Here.” The prince returned with a book in hand.
Junfeng took it from him and looked down at the cover. “Tales of the Lonely Kingdom?”
Prince Yin Jin nodded. “It sounds like a sad story, but I promise you it’s very engaging. I know you don’t have much free time, so how about you use the time you spend here to read it? I’ve got my own book I’m reading now. I can read that.”
And so, Junfeng spent the next couple of weeks spending the time he spent in the prince’s courtyard reading the story. It was indeed very engaging, and when he told the prince this, Prince Yin Jin just gave him a knowing smile.


~


        It had to be at least three months before Junfeng knew exactly what he was going to do. “Head Eunuch Du,” Junfeng greeted his superior.
        “I’d advise you to think carefully about what you say when you meet the empress,” Eunuch Du said lightly. “I don’t want to lose my job because of you.”
        “Don’t worry, sir,” Junfeng said as he bowed. “I know not to overstep my limits.”
        Eunuch Du nodded before beckoning Junfeng into the room beyond.
        “Greetings, Your Majesty.” Junfeng bowed deeply to the empress. “I have a request. It’s about the prince.”


~


        Junfeng walked up and down the line of nervous young women. He spent a few minutes talking to each one of them before motioning for certain ones to step forward. Once he reached the end of the line, the young women standing back were dismissed. Now looking at the remaining group, Junfeng inclined his head to them. “You must be wondering why the empress summoned you to the palace. His Highness Prince Yin Jin is looking for a potential wife.”
        “Prince Yin Jin?” The young women began to whisper among themselves. “Which prince is that?”
        Junfeng kept his face a cool, calm mask. “I will have you take turns meeting His Highness. Once he has met all of you, he will decide which ones of you can stay and get to know him better.”
        After all the young women were lodged in extravagant quarters, Junfeng took the first young woman to meet the prince. He had informed the prince in advance that he was going to bring in young women for him to meet. The prince was confused at first, but Junfeng explained that it was the empress’s wish for him to become more social.
        “Your Highness.” Junfeng and the young woman came to a stop in front of where Prince Yin Jin was waiting in the center of the courtyard. “This is Lady Cao.”
        Lady Cao smiled politely as she looked up at the prince. “Cao Youyou greets His Highness.”
        Prince Yin Jin blinked before glancing over at Junfeng. She doesn’t know about my curse?
        Junfeng subtly shook his head. No.
        After rising from her curtsy, Lady Cao took a shy step forward. “Shall we begin our date, Your Highness?”
        The prince blinked again before extending his arm for Lady Cao. “Of course.”


~


        Each day, there was a new young woman accompanying the prince. Junfeng stood off to the side of the courtyard, carefully monitoring their interactions. He had purposefully dismissed all the ones who knew about the prince and his curse. Once the prince decided which woman he wanted to spend more time with, that would be the woman Junfeng would have to entrust with the task of cutting out the prince’s heart.
        It was night now, and Junfeng stood off to the side as the prince and the young woman watched a play. Three actors had been invited to the palace, and now they performed on the makeshift stage in the courtyard.
        As Junfeng looked on, Prince Yin Jin turned around to meet his gaze. He was smiling, and Junfeng found his own expression relaxing as he smiled back.


~


        The next day, Junfeng arrived at the prince’s courtyard. “Junfeng!” Prince Yin Jin eagerly hurried over to him the moment he stepped into the study. “My mother just delivered a new pile of books. I haven’t started reading them yet and thought we could look at them together.”
        Junfeng watched the prince grab the books from the table. He took a seat behind the table before looking up at Junfeng expectantly. Junfeng walked over to the prince. “May I?”
        The prince nodded, and Junfeng slowly took a seat next to him. “Let me know when you get to the end of the page. I’m a fairly slow reader.”
        It was Junfeng’s turn to nod. The two of them sat there in silence as they read the book. Before long, the setting sun was Junfeng’s cue to head back. “I guess I’ll have to wait until tomorrow to find out what happens next,” Junfeng lamented.
        The prince sighed as he set the book down. “Tomorrow we can continue the story.” Then he paused. “I have another date tomorrow, don’t I. The day after, then.”
        “You’re welcome to read the book on your own,” Junfeng said as he rose to his feet.
        Prince Yin Jin shook his head. “I’ll wait for you. I think it’s more fun this way.”
        Junfeng averted his gaze and decided to change the topic. “Have any of the young women caught your eye?”
        “They’re all very friendly,” the prince said almost sadly. “But what happens when they find out about my curse? I don’t want them to be horrified that they willingly spent time with me.”
        “Are there any of them you’d like to get to know better?” Junfeng tried. “Are you physically attracted to any of them?”
        The prince frowned, deep in thought. “I’ve enjoyed talking to all of them. With that said, it’s dangerous here in the palace. I’d feel better if they left as quickly as possible.”
        Junfeng let out a sigh. “If not them, what kind of women would you like to get to know better?”
        The prince turned to look at Junfeng. “I don’t know. What about you?”
        Junfeng let out a half-amused, half-exasperated laugh. “This is about you, Your Highness.”
        Prince Yin Jin walked over to look out the window. Junfeng watched the scrolls of calligraphy hanging from the ceiling float on the breeze as the prince pushed the window open. “I appreciate the goodwill of you and my mother, but I don’t want any of them to end up getting hurt. I don’t want to be the one to hurt them. Junfeng, you still remember my curse, don’t you?”
        “Of course—”
        “I’m afraid of what would happen if I was to ever fall in love. I’m afraid of being alone, but I’m more afraid of accidentally hurting someone. You know how my mother is. If she thinks anyone is harboring any ill intention toward me, she’ll immediately have them killed.” The prince finally turned around to look at Junfeng. “I don’t want you to get hurt either.”


~


        When Junfeng came to visit the prince alone that evening, he found him sitting in his study. “Junfeng,” Prince Yin Jin greeted him. “You’re finally here. We can keep reading the book.”
        “What did you think of the young women these past few days?” Junfeng asked as he took a seat at the table.
        The prince scooted over to sit next to Junfeng. “You chose them, didn’t you. I know it was you. It couldn’t have been a coincidence that they all knew I like literature.”
        “Your Highness has been alone for so many years. I thought you might enjoy their company.”
        “You’re here now, aren’t you? I know you don’t want those women to get into trouble either. How about you dismiss them?”
        “There’s still a handful you haven’t met with yet. After you’ve met all of them, then you can command them to return home. Or you can give them a chance and let them stay.”
        The prince was silent for a moment before he opened the book to the page the two of them had left off on. “I’ll give it more thought.”


~


        Junfeng arrived at the prince’s study the following week to find the prince sitting at the table. The chessboard had been moved, and a box of cakes sat in its place. “Junfeng, these are for you.”
        Junfeng took a seat across the table from the prince. He eyed the box. “Did one of the young ladies make this for you?”
        Prince Yin Jin nodded. “It was a nice gesture, but you know I can’t eat normal food. It would be a shame to waste it, though. Do you have any more work after your visit here?” When Junfeng shook his head, the prince set a pitcher of wine on the table between them. “In that case, would you care to share a drink?”


~


        “Are you sure you want to dismiss all the young women?” Junfeng asked with a sigh.
        Prince Yin Jin inclined his head. “Yes. I can tell a couple of them have already been frightened by my mother. Staying in the palace won’t be good for any of them.”
        The sun had set, and the two of them were drinking in the prince’s study again. The window was open, and the night sky glittered above the stone walls of the courtyard.
        “If you don’t mind me asking,” the prince started after a while, “I was curious whether Ming Junfeng is your real name, since you changed your identity when you entered the palace . . .”
        Junfeng poured himself another cup of wine. “It’s true that my real surname isn’t Ming. My real name isn’t Junfeng either. But that’s who I am now.” After downing the wine, despite his better judgment, Junfeng filled his cup again.
        “Are you alright drinking that much?” Prince Yin Jin asked worriedly.
        “I—” Junfeng pressed his hand to his forehead. The prince’s concerned voice sounded like a muted echo as Junfeng’s vision swayed, and he finally passed out.


~


        Junfeng awoke to the sound of voices. He slowly cracked open an eye. His head spun from the blinding light spilling in through the window, and Junfeng lay there as he tried to remember where he was.
        Junfeng sat up. He was in the prince’s room, and he could hear voices coming from the next room over. He recognized Prince Yin Jin’s voice, and the woman he was talking to was the empress.
        Junfeng found his shoes sitting neatly on the floor, and he pulled them on. Then he staggered over to the doorway. He could see the empress’s back, and . . . The scent of blood reached Junfeng a moment before his eyes fell on the prince. Even from this distance, Junfeng could see the blood staining his mouth.
        Junfeng quickly tore his eyes from the room beyond as he sprinted outside. Nausea had taken hold of him, and he dropped to his knees on the grass. Junfeng’s breathing was heavy as his head spun. Now he remembered how he had passed out from drinking the previous night. He wasn’t sure how long he was kneeling there before a quiet voice called his name.
        “Junfeng.”
        Junfeng didn’t need to turn around to sense the prince standing behind him.
        “I already told my mother that I treated you to a drink in thanks for arranging all those dates. I told her that you were polite and drank, but then passed out from the alcohol.” When Junfeng didn’t turn around, the prince let out a sigh. “You saw me, didn’t you. This is why the curse needs to be reversed.”
        Junfeng shakily rose to his feet. This time he turned to meet the prince’s gaze. Prince Yin Jin’s eyes were concerned, if not tired. “I’m working on it.”
        “I’ll ask someone to escort you back,” the prince said softly. “If you don’t want to visit me tonight, I’ll understand.”
        Prince Yin Jin silently walked Junfeng to the entrance of the courtyard. “Your Highness,” Junfeng started as he came to a stop. “I—”
        “I’m sorry.” The prince offered Junfeng a sad smile.
        Junfeng blinked. “What are you apologizing for?”
        “You’d rather stay away from me too. I’ve been selfish and kept you here in my courtyard.”
        Junfeng quickly shook his head. “It’s not like that.”
        “Then why do you keep coming back?”
        Before Junfeng could decide on his answer, the guards standing at the entrance motioned for Junfeng to follow them.
        Junfeng could feel the prince’s eyes on his back as he left the courtyard. I’m sorry, were the words he was going to say before the prince cut him off. Junfeng closed his eyes for a brief moment. He had to try a new method now.


~


        It took Junfeng a couple of days before he mustered the courage to visit the prince’s courtyard again.
        “Your Highness,” Junfeng greeted the prince when he arrived in the study.
        Prince Yin Jin blinked as he looked up from his book. “Junfeng! I thought you weren’t coming back.”
        Junfeng smiled faintly as he shook his head. “I was still hungover that day. My head is clear now. I want to keep investigating the curse.”
        “I’m not sure if you will find anything,” the prince pointed out. “I’ve been trying to figure out ways to get rid of the curse for my entire life, remember?”
        Junfeng gave the prince a knowing look. “I have access to resources outside this courtyard. Who knows? I might be able to find something you weren’t able to. Anyway, I was wondering if you have any paper and ink.”
        “Paper and ink?” The prince blinked before his eyes widened excitedly. “Do you want to paint something?”
        “May I?”
        The prince nodded as he jumped up from his seat to bring out the materials.
        Once everything was set up, Junfeng turned to the prince. “What do you think I should paint?”
        “How about me as a martial artist?” Prince Yin Jin suggested after a moment.
        Junfeng smiled faintly as the prince posed with an imaginary sword. He carefully started the painting by copying the lines of the prince’s face. Finally, Junfeng finished the painting and took a step back to admire his work. Prince Yin Jin hurried over to look as well, impressed. “It’s amazing. And you said you only started painting a couple of years ago!” The prince grinned as he admired the painting. “I’ve always wondered what I’d look like as a martial artist.” Then he paused. “You haven’t signed the painting yet.”
        “If you like the painting, you can have it. My handwriting don’t look very good—I wouldn’t want to ruin it.”
        “I could help you,” the prince suggested. “I’m proud to say my handwriting is quite good.” Junfeng held the brush out to the prince, but Prince Yin Jin gently took Junfeng’s wrist instead. “This is your painting. I can help, but you should still be the one signing.”
        Junfeng silently let the prince direct his hand and brush strokes. With the prince so close to him, Junfeng found himself looking at the prince’s face. He was very attractive, Junfeng realized with a jolt. Junfeng frowned slightly as he turned back to the paper. Why had it taken him so long to notice?
        “There.” Prince Yin Jin let go of Junfeng’s hand as he took a step back.
        Junfeng looked down at the characters of his name. The prince’s handwriting was indeed impressive. “I . . .”
        Prince Yin Jin just smiled. “Care for a drink? This time I’ll make sure you don’t overdo it.”
        Junfeng nodded.
The two of them sat next to each other, watching the night sky beyond the window. It was peaceful in a way, sitting there quietly as the scrolls hanging from the ceiling cast interesting shadows over the ground.
        “I went so many years alone.” The prince finally broke the silence. “Now thinking about it, I don’t know if I could easily go back to that kind of life. Was it a friend that I was missing from my life? Or was it you?”
        Junfeng blinked as he turned to look at the prince. His dark hair glowed with a fiery sheen from the candles, and the same light was reflected in his eyes as he met Junfeng’s gaze. “Are you drunk, Your Highness?”
        Prince Yin Jin turned to look back at the sky. “I don’t know. I’m just . . . tired.”
        Junfeng sighed as he helped the prince to his feet. “Let’s get you to bed.”
        The prince let Junfeng lead him out of the study, and he seemed to fall asleep the moment he got into bed. Junfeng removed the prince’s shoes and carefully pulled the covers over him. Just as he made to leave, Prince Yin Jin caught his hand.
        Junfeng blinked as he turned back to the prince, but he was still asleep. Junfeng just stood there, unsure of what to do. After a minute or two, the prince’s hand slowly fell back to his side. Junfeng silently left the prince’s courtyard, and when he returned to his quarters, he stood there in the darkness for a while. He was at a loss again.


~


        The next day, Junfeng was back in the prince’s study. He had asked Prince Yin Jin to show him how to do calligraphy, and the prince stood next to Junfeng as he demonstrated.
        Junfeng looked over at the prince. When Prince Yin Jin caught Junfeng looking, he blinked as he met Junfeng’s gaze. Junfeng could feel his heart rate quickening as he leaned closer. When the prince didn’t move away, Junfeng stopped inches away from the prince’s face.
        “Is this why you kept coming back?” Prince Yin Jin breathed.
        Junfeng nodded. He wasn’t completely sure if he was even breathing. “May I?”
        The prince inclined his head, and Junfeng closed the distance between them as he met the prince in a kiss. There was something so natural about this kiss that seemed to make Junfeng feel even more confused. He was the only one who was close enough to the prince to break the curse. It wasn’t difficult to be genuine, Junfeng realized. He didn’t have to pretend; these were his true feelings. He had to make the prince fall in love with him. But what if he was already in love with the prince?
        When Junfeng finally drew away, he could feel that his face had heated. The prince’s face was flushed as well. Prince Yin Jin dropped his gaze back to the paper in front of them. “I—I think we’ll need to start over.”
Junfeng looked at the paper as well to find that ink from the brush the prince was holding had dripped onto it. “Oh.” Junfeng hastily took a step back as the prince went to grab a new one. When the prince returned, he carefully laid the paper out. There was silence for a moment before Junfeng spoke up, suddenly worried. “Was that too sudden? Your Highness, I—”
        The prince shook his head. He smiled faintly, still refusing to lift his gaze. “I always wondered what it would be like to fall in love. In all the stories I’ve read, it always seemed so complicated. I didn’t know it could be as simple as this.” The prince finally turned to Junfeng. “Could we try that again?”
        Junfeng nodded. Prince Yin Jin stepped forward. This time when his lips met Junfeng’s, Junfeng closed his eyes for a brief moment. The kiss would have been blissful if he wasn’t so conflicted.


~


        The next few weeks were spent in a carefree manner. While not much seemed to have changed between the two of them, Junfeng found on multiple occasions that they would sit closer together than before.
        “If you hadn’t been cursed, and if you weren’t the prince, what kind of life would you like to live?” Junfeng asked quietly. The two of them were sitting outside under the night sky. The stars were hidden behind the clouds, and a cool wind rustled through the grass.
        “I’d want to be a martial artist,” Prince Yin Jin said thoughtfully. “My life wouldn’t have to be a long one, but I’d at least want it to be an adventurous one. And even if it wasn’t adventurous, at least I’d be out of this courtyard. If you weren’t sent to the palace, would you have continued your martial art training?”
        Junfeng nodded. “I would have.”
        When Junfeng arrived at his room later that night, he found that there was someone already there. “Ming Junfeng greets Head Eunuch Du,” Junfeng quickly greeted his superior.
        “Ming Junfeng.” Eunuch Du motioned for Junfeng to come closer as he lowered his voice. “I assume you already know that a witch was the one who put this curse on the prince. Well, the witch was captured a week ago and is being held prisoner in the dungeons. Given that you’ve been loyal to His Highness, I’ll take you to see her. Maybe seeing her will help you better understand the situation.”
        Junfeng nodded silently before he followed Eunuch Du down corridor after corridor. Junfeng wasn’t sure how late it was when they finally arrived at the prison, and the palace was deathly silent. Eunuch Du led Junfeng to a door. He unlocked it, then motioned for Junfeng to enter.
        There were two guards standing inside the room, and tied up opposite them . . . Junfeng inhaled sharply. There was the witch. She was a middle-aged woman with graying hair, and she would have looked quite ordinary if it wasn’t for the tattoo-like marks covering her skin.
        “I’ve already tortured her today,” Eunuch Du informed Junfeng. “If you do want to use the whip on her, just take caution. We can’t have her die before she tells us how to break the prince’s curse.”
        Junfeng nodded before he took a step toward the witch. “Why did you curse the prince?”
        The witch just sneered as she raised her head. “It was out of jealousy, of course! Is it wrong of me to be jealous? Is it wrong of me to be resentful? I was His Majesty’s love, not that other woman—”
        “Watch your mouth, witch!” one of the guards barked. “You have no authority to be talking about Her Majesty like that.”
        The witch just scoffed.
        Junfeng frowned. “What would it take to reverse the curse?”
        The witch raised a brow. “Who are you? Why do you care?”
        “Who I am is not important. This curse is not only affecting His Majesty; it’s affecting countless innocents as well. Every day the prince is alive, another person has to die. But His Majesty has no choice but to keep his son alive. Otherwise, the curse will be placed upon him.”
        The witch was smiling now. “It seems like you’ve been educated about the terms of the curse.”
        “What would it take to break it?” Junfeng asked coldly.
        “The prince’s heart needs to be cut out by the one he loves the most! He has to be betrayed by the one he loves.”
        “Silence!” one of the guards barked. “If you aren’t going to give us a proper answer, don’t say this nonsense at all. The empress will never betray His Highness!”
        “The prince didn’t do anything to you.” Junfeng shook his head as he searched the witch’s face. “Maybe his father hurt you, but that doesn’t justify dragging innocents into your plot for revenge.”
        The witch grinned widely. “I want the emperor to suffer. I want his stupid wife to suffer. I want his whole family to suffer! I want him and his son to be heartbroken—the same way he broke my heart when he married that woman!”
        Junfeng’s frowned deepened. “You’re insane.”
        “That’s what the other eunuch said as well. But what would you know? You don’t understand—you’ll never understand!”
        “Maybe I’ll never understand,” Junfeng said shortly, “but I don’t need to understand to know what you’re doing is wrong. The moment the curse is broken, I can promise you that you’ll no longer be alive.”
        The witch sneered. “The curse will not be broken. Who will love a prince like him? The empress will never betray him. She’s the one collecting hearts for him!”
        Junfeng turned on his heel at that. He didn’t look back as he left the room. Eunuch Du was waiting for him outside, and the two of them set off out of the prison.
        “Does His Highness know the witch is here?” Junfeng asked quietly.
        Eunuch Du shook his head. “Only His Majesty knows. We’re forbidden to tell the empress. His Majesty is afraid she’ll kill the witch before we can get the witch to give us another way of breaking the curse.”
        Junfeng had a difficult time sleeping that night. The witch had just confirmed what he already knew. After a while, Junfeng slowly sat up in bed. He reached underneath it, his fingers closing around the handle of the blade he had stashed there. He slowly lifted it out. Even in the faint light streaming in from the cracks in the door, the metal glinted silver.
        Junfeng stared at the blade. He had to kill the prince . . . but he couldn’t do it. Junfeng might not be the person the prince loved the most—maybe the empress was still above him in the prince’s heart. He needed more time to make sure he was the one . . . Junfeng shook his head. Maybe he was just being selfish. But if he didn’t do anything, he’d be actively contributing to death by not stopping it.
        Junfeng’s fingers tightened around the handle of the blade. He was at a loss.


~


        “Your Highness . . .” Junfeng lay next to Prince Yin Jin. The two of them looked up at the dark ceiling from the bed, and the light streaming into the room cut through the whorls of dust spiraling in the air.
        “Let’s pretend this is the forest,” the prince said softly as he pointed upward. “There’s the night sky. It’s infinite.”
        Junfeng found himself reaching for the prince’s free hand, and the prince gently twined their fingers together.
        “I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy before,” Prince Yin Jin admitted as he turned to look at Junfeng. “Thank you, Junfeng.”
        “Your Highness . . .”
        Prince Yin Jin propped himself on his elbow so he could look down at Junfeng’s face. “Do you think you could call me by my name once?”
        “Yin Jin,” Junfeng breathed.
        The prince smiled.
        Junfeng leaned forward to meet the prince in a kiss. He felt Yin Jin’s arms trail over his back as the prince deepened the kiss. Then Junfeng stilled as the prince paused. Slowly, they drew apart, and the prince held up the blade Junfeng had hidden in his robes. “I—” Junfeng slowly took the blade from Yin Jin. “I need to be able to protect you if anyone was to attack, don’t I?”
        The prince nodded. “You have to be careful with that, though. If the guards find out you’re carrying a knife, you’ll be in trouble.”
        “If the guards find out I’m here with you now like this, I’ll also be in trouble.”
        There was a small smile on the prince’s face. “They don’t have to find out.”


~


        Junfeng wasn’t sure how many days had gone by before he ran into a familiar face on his way to the prince’s courtyard. Junfeng stilled. “Lady Xiao.”
        Lady Xiao curtsied politely. “Eunuch Ming. I was looking for you. May I have a word?”
        Junfeng bowed his head. “Of course.”
        Junfeng led Lady Xiao down the long stone corridor until they were out of earshot of the guards. “How is it going with the prince?” Lady Xiao asked softly. “Have you found someone for him to love?”
        Junfeng nodded.
        “Please break the curse quickly.” Lady Xiao’s voice had dropped to a whisper. “I know you pity the prince, but the people outside the palace are just as pitiful. They live in fear of the empress and that someone from their family might be sacrificed next. Ming Junfeng”—she searched Junfeng’s face—“promise me you’ll break the curse.”


~


Over the next few days, whenever the prince wasn’t watching him, Junfeng found himself reaching for his blade. He could break the curse and free everyone who was suffering because of it. But each time he touched the metal, he would hesitate.
        That evening, Junfeng sat next to the prince.
        “You seem like you have something on your mind,” Yin Jin said softly. “Is everything alright?”
        Junfeng let out a sigh. “I’m thinking about the curse.”
        The prince sighed as well. “The curse still needs to be broken.”
        Junfeng shakily reached out to take Yin Jin’s hand. He had made up his mind and knew he wasn’t leaving the courtyard alive tonight.
        “Are you sure you’re alright?” the prince asked. His eyes were concerned as Junfeng met his gaze.
        Junfeng forced a smile. “I’m fine.”
        Junfeng closed his eyes for a brief moment as Yin Jin wrapped his arms around him in a warm embrace.
        When night fell, Junfeng lay next to the prince in his bed. The two of them were staring up at the ceiling again, and the prince was slowly nodding off to sleep.
        Junfeng’s hand shook as it slowly inched toward his hidden blade. He took a deep breath before he grabbed the blade and plunged it into Yin Jin’s chest.
        Junfeng could see the surprise in the prince’s eyes as he twisted the blade deeper. Even though the prince’s expression was pained, he didn’t struggle.
        “Why don’t you fight back?” Junfeng gasped out. His voice was a broken sound.
        The prince just gave Junfeng a pained smile. “I always hoped it would be you, Junfeng.”
        Junfeng just shook his head rapidly. “You don’t feel angry? You don’t feel betrayed?”
        Prince Yin Jin coughed, breathing raggedly as his blood stained his robes red. “No. I’m just scared of the pain. I—I’m in so much pain . . .”
        Junfeng blinked back the stinging in his eyes as he forced his tone to become cold. “I’m glad this is the end. I can’t stand being around a monster like you for another day. The only reason I even stomached being with you was for the sake of breaking the curse. I didn’t do any of this for you. I did it for the countless innocents who suffer because of it.”
“Did you ever love me?” Yin Jin whispered, reaching a shaky hand to cup the side of Junfeng’s face. His hand was warm with his own blood. “Not even for a second?”
        “Never.”
        Junfeng saw the hurt and pain in Yin Jin’s eyes before they fluttered shut. The prince’s body stilled, and Junfeng caught his hand before it could slip from his face. He gasped the prince’s hand in his own, horrified as the prince’s still-warm blood covered his hands.
Junfeng felt sick, but the pain in his chest was stronger. His vision blurred with tears as he finally lowered the prince’s lifeless hand. He wiped his eyes with his bloodied fingers. Despite the fact that his head was spinning from the blood, Junfeng continued to slice through the prince’s flesh until he had removed his heart.
        Junfeng was shaking. His clothes were already stained with blood. There was no way he would escape from the courtyard. But Junfeng had no intention of fleeing. Slowly, Junfeng raised his blade. He didn’t hesitate before he plunged it into his own heart.
        Junfeng barely registered the pain as he collapsed onto the prince’s chest. He knew he should be glad that he had stopped innocents from suffering, but . . .
        His breathing was labored as he reached for Yin Jin’s hand. It was still warm. Junfeng let his eyes close. The pain was slowly leaving him. Junfeng drew in one last breath. He owed the prince an apology in the afterlife.


~


        Crash! There was a clatter as the tray slipped from the empress’s hands. “Jin’er!” she shrieked. In the light of day, the blood on the two bodies lying on the bed was starkly visible.
“Your Majesty!” The guards frantically tried to calm her.
“My son has been murdered!” the empress screamed. “My—my husband . . .” The empress turned on her heel before hurrying out of the room. “What’s happened to my husband?”
The empress staggered into the dining hall. The emperor blinked at her in surprise from where he was finishing his breakfast. “What’s going on?”
“Your Majesty, how do you feel?” the empress gasped, out of breath.
The emperor blinked again. “Completely fine. Will someone tell me what is going on?”
“The curse has been broken,” the empress whispered, more to herself than to her husband.
“What?” the emperor asked sharply. “What did you say?”
“The curse,” the empress repeated in disbelief, “the curse has been broken!”
And so as the emperor and empress continued to rejoice, the blood in the prince’s room continued to dry.


End