The Moon, The Stars, And The Evernight Princess


Lauren Locke sat by the window, looking out at the town lights that glittered like miniature stars in the distance. She absently combed her fingers through her long black hair. From the castle, she was the closest to the stars she’d get, but tonight, a layer of clouds had blanketed the night sky. Lauren looked away from the window and turned her gaze back to the book on her lap. Lucien had recommended this one to her, and just like she expected, she wasn’t enjoying it. Giving up on the book, Lauren finally closed it and set it aside.
Lauren gracefully rose to her feet and glided over to her bed. She extinguished the candles and had just sat down on the deep blue covers when a glimmer from outside caught her eye. Lauren slowly made her way back to the window. She stood there, watching the clouds blow over. The moon and stars emerged, twinkling softly against their inky canvas.
Lauren knew she should sleep, but she was sliding into her slippers anyway and slipping out of her chambers. The dark stone halls were empty and silent as she took the stairs to the highest point in the castle. Lauren had just turned the corner to the observation deck when a figure holding a lantern in one hand and a sword in the other came into view.
“Princess Lauren,” the young man greeted her, dipping his head in acknowledgment.
Lauren smiled faintly. “Lucien. If you’re here, I assume my brother is here too.”
“His Majesty is on the deck. I'll announce your arrival to him.”
Lauren nodded and watched Lucien turn and push open the heavy wood door. He returned shortly and held the door open. Lauren glided outside, and the crisp coolness of the night instantly washed over her. A light breeze picked up, setting her hair and nightgown fluttering.
There was a young man standing by the stone railings of the balcony. His back was to her, and his dark cape swayed around his slender figure.
Lauren walked over to stand next to him. “Evander.”
The young man turned his head to look at her. His face, save for his dark eyes, was completely hidden behind a silver mask. The dullness of the silver seemed to absorb the moonlight into it, not reflecting anything back.
Lauren’s voice softened. “You’re by yourself out here. Is the mask necessary?”
Evander’s voice was cold, but not harsh. “It’s always necessary.”
Lauren was quiet for a moment before she reached into the folds of her nightgown to produce a similar silver mask. “If it bothers you so much, I can wear mine too.”
Lauren raised the mask, but her brother stopped her with a gloved hand. “Don’t. We might be twins, but you remind me of her. When I look at myself, I only see him.”
Lauren folded her arms over her chest. “But when I look at you, I only see you.”
Evander just turned back to the night sky.
Lauren sighed softly as she rested her arms on the stone railing. Head on her hands, she watched the stars dance and flicker until Lucien came out to insist the two of them return to their chambers.


~


        The following morning, Lauren found herself thinking back to the previous night. She sat by the window, looking out at the quiet kingdom. Yesterday had been the first time in months that she had seen her brother. He had always been reserved and distant, but recently, he seemed even more so than usual.
        Lauren reached for the stack of books on the table next to the window frame and pulled the top one from the stack. She loved the hours of care and passion the authors had poured into these worlds. Even though she rarely left the castle, through these books, she felt as if she had traveled everywhere and then some.
        Lauren absently tugged off her black lace gloves. She held her slim fingers out in front of her, examining the charcoal colored whorls twining around and snaking up them. The patterns crept over her wrists, stopping just below her elbows. She hadn’t told anyone about these markings yet. Well, anyone except Arabella.
        The door to Lauren’s room flew open, and a young woman hurried in with a tray of food in hand. When she saw Lauren with her bare hands exposed, she quickly set the tray down and shut the door. “Your Highness!” Arabella exclaimed in a worried whisper. “What are you doing with your gloves off?”
        Lauren just offered her a small smile. “No one enters my chambers except you. Besides, this is my own room. It’s safe.”
        “You have to be careful,” Arabella scolded as she took the gloves from Lauren and helped her put them back on. “All you need is for one person to see those marks, and then it will be the end for both of us.”
        “You could pretend you don’t know anything about them,” Lauren pointed out as Arabella went to bring over the tray of breakfast.
        Arabella just set the tray down hotly. “And who would believe that? As your personal maid, if something happens to you, there’s no way I’m getting away unscathed. Make sure you eat. You have a busy schedule today.”
        Lauren blinked as Arabella picked up a brush and sat behind her to start fixing her hair. “Is something important happening?”
        “It was just announced that the Princess Elect of Eloria will be coming to Velmoor.”
        “The Princess Elect,” Lauren echoed thoughtfully. “Emmeline Estone.”
        “I also heard Sir Aldric de Aragon will be accompanying her,” Arabella went on.
        Lauren let out a soft laugh at that.
        Arabella blinked. “What is it? Do you know Sir Aldric?”
        “I don’t personally,” Lauren explained, “but Lucien does. Shortly after my brother took up the throne, we went to Eloria to pay a visit to the royal family. Lucien ran into Aldric, and the two of them didn’t hit it off, let’s just put it that way.”
        Arabella set down the brush and scooted closer, eager to hear the gossip. “What happened?”
        Lauren gave her an exasperated smile as she took the brush to keep working on her hair herself. “When we arrived, we were being escorted around when we ran into a group of knights in training led by a teen who is now Sir Aldric. He cried out, ‘The Evernight King has arrived!’ He said this with no fear at all.”
        Arabella bit her lip. “I know His Majesty doesn’t show it, but Lucien told me he hates being called that.”
        Lauren fell silent as she ran the brush through her inky hair. Before her brother ascended the throne, Velmoor had been at the peak of what had been dubbed the Thirty Years of Terror. The previous king was a tyrant, and the people lived in fear and misery. Those outside of Velmoor had given it the name the “Evernight Kingdom,” and her father was the Evernight King. In books, Lauren had even found herself referred to on more than one occasion as the Evernight Princess.
        Now with her father gone and her brother as the kingdom’s new ruler, Evander had managed to turn the entire kingdom around over the course of his first five years on the throne. It was a new era, but people—especially those outside the kingdom—were still weary. Some were worried the kingdom would eventually fall back into its old ways, which was why Evander tried so hard to distance himself from his father.
        “What happened next with Sir Aldric?” Arabella pushed.
        Lauren reached over to pinch her freckled cheek. “We ignored him and went on our way.”
        Arabella looked disappointed. “Oh.”
        Lauren carefully set down the hairbrush. “If I remember correctly, it’s been a few months now since Emmeline Estone became the princess elect of Eloria. What do you know about her?”
        “Emmeline Estone is the new princess [a]elect,” Arabella recited. “She’s a commoner who grew up in the heart of Eloria. Her family runs a bakeshop. Miss Emmeline worked there full-time. On the weekends, she would spend her time at her grandmother’s house in the outskirts of the city, participating in horse races and helping out in the barns.”
        Lauren raised a brow. “You sure had everything about her investigated.”
        “No, no,” Arabella said quickly as she shook her head. “It was Lucien. I just told you what he told me.”
        “Do you know when the princess elect is going to visit?”
        Arabella paused thoughtfully for a moment. “Likely within the next couple of weeks.”
        When Lauren finished her breakfast, she let Arabella help her change out of her nightgown and into a simple lace dress. Arabella left with the tray, and Lauren glided out of her room shortly after to head to the library. Before her busy afternoon lessons, she might as well read up again on current trends in Eloria so she could better connect with Emmeline.
        Lauren had just reached the library doors when she heard the sound of voices coming from within. Lauren paused with her gloved hand on the brass handle.
        “You know as well as I do that Eloria sending their princess over is also in the hopes that they can form a marriage alliance between our two countries,” Lucien was saying.
        “Lucien.” Evander’s voice was flat. “I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. Unless it’s the sole way to raise Velmoor out of a dire situation, I don’t have any intention to marry.”
        “The court has been pushing you to take a queen ever since you reached a marriageable age,” Lucien said in exasperation. “It’s been years now. And with the arrival of the princess elect, they’ll take the opportunity to bring it up again.”
        “My sister can perform all the duties of a queen.”
        “Your sister can’t bear children for you,” Lucien countered.
        “Lucien,” Evander said, his tone just as flat as before, “I don’t want children.”
        “But what will Velmoor do without an heir?”
        “We can simply hold an election like in Eloria.”
        “Your Majesty, this is what’s best for you. This is what’s best for the kingdom.” When Evander didn’t respond, Lucien continued, “Forgive me for daring to say this, but it seems like Your Majesty is afraid of marriage. You saw the kind of relation between the late king and queen, and—”
        “Lucien, that’s enough.”
        There was the sound of a chair scraping across the ground, followed by footsteps. Lauren stepped to the side as Evander and Lucien walked out of the library. She curtsied politely to both[b] of them. Once they vanished down the hall, Lauren entered the library. She spent the majority of the day reading books on present-day Eloria and taking notes with a feathered quill[c].
        “Your Highness!” a flustered voice called.
        Lauren looked up from her book to see an auburn-haired figure hurrying toward her. “Arabella?”
        Arabella skidded to a stop and dropped into a curtsy. “Your Highness, I finally found you! Come quickly! That thing you had me keep an eye on is acting up!”
        Lauren swiftly set her book down and rose to her feet. “Let’s go.”
        Lauren glided down the castle halls with Arabella close at her heels, turning corner after corner. The sky was a clear blue outside the windows, and the black curtains were drawn back. The first thing her brother had done when he ascended the throne was to have all the curtains opened. For years, the castle halls were bathed in gloom and darkness, no matter the time of day. Lauren and Evander had grown up in the dark. Their mother had been trapped in the dark until she finally succumbed to it.
        Now, Lauren’s footsteps were silent over the stone stairs as she descended into the depths of the castle. She reached the basement level and finally came to a stop in front of a set of heavy doors. Arabella stepped forward to push them open, and the two of them entered the room beyond.
        A book was sitting on a pedestal in the center of the ancient library, glowing with a light that reminded Lauren of the night sky.
        “When I came to dust the shelves, halfway through my cleaning, it started glowing,” Arabella whispered.
        Lauren tugged off her gloves and raised her inked hands. “I never should have unchained it.”
        “Your Highness, it’s not your fault. We were all desperate for ways to cure the queen.”
        Lauren just let her hands glow with the same starry light. She slowly walked forward until she was right in front of the pedestal and held her hands over the glowing pages. Gradually, the book’s glow dimmed until it vanished completely. “I put it to sleep for the time being.”
        Arabella let out a breath of relief. Lauren was quiet for a moment as she carefully turned the aged pages of the book. She had stumbled across it for the first time when she was eleven years old. She had gone down to the ancient library to look for anything that might help her mother’s illness and had found this book buried within the stacks. She hadn’t thought anything of it until she opened it and felt the rush of energy surge through her. The ancient magic marked her hands, and since then, Lauren was able to perform magic herself. So far the only person other than herself who knew about the magic and the book was Arabella; She had found Lauren unconscious on the ground, and Lauren had told the sobbing maid everything when she woke.
        There had been legends and rumors that the founder of Velmoor was a sorceress, but Lauren hadn’t believed them until she had been possessed with magic herself. She had Arabella try touching the book and also went as far as casually bringing it to her brother to see how it would react, but when anyone other than herself touched it, nothing happened. Arabella had a theory that Lauren was the only one in this generation who had inherited the power from her ancestor, which Lauren was starting to think was very plausible.
        Arabella shuffled her feet. “Your Highness can go back to the library. I’ll stay here for another hour or so just in case.”
        “Are you sure?”
        Arabella smiled as she produced a book from her skirts. “I brought something to read.”
        Lauren took a few steps forward before playfully plucking the book from Arabella’s hands. She twirled away, flipping it open to riffle through the pages.
        “Your Highness!” Arabella said, flustered as she grabbed the book back. Arabella hugged the book close to her chest, slightly pink in the face.
        Lauren just let out a laugh. “Did you get this from Colette again?”
        “Of course!” Arabella replied. “We all adore Colette. The other maids and I crowded around her a few nights ago, watching her write the ending to this one. All of us were blushing and giggling, but Colette just wrote gracefully.”
        Lauren glided toward the doors. “Just don’t let Lucien catch you reading Colette’s books again. Last time his face turned so red that I was worried he was going to pass out.”
        “It won’t happen again,” Arabella promised.
        Lauren climbed the stairs, and before long, she was back at the library. She spent the next few weeks there preparing for the arrival of Princess Emmeline.
The night before the princess elect’s arrival, there was a soft knock on the door to Lauren’s chambers.
        Lauren went to open the door. Arabella stood in the doorway. “Lucien told me that His Majesty is on the observation deck again,” she said quietly.
        “Thank you,” Lauren said in equal quiet before slipping past her and into the corridor beyond.
        When she arrived at the highest point of the castle, Lucien opened the door for her. Evander was standing by the railing, gazing out at the moon and stars.
        “Evander,” Lauren said softly.
        “I uncovered a new piece of information about our mother’s death,” Evander said without turning around.
        Lauren fell silent, waiting for him to continue.
        “Everyone in the castle believes she died alone in her chambers, but I just found out today that she jumped from here.”
        Lauren walked over to stand next to her brother at the railing, not sure how to process the new information.
        “Our father silenced everyone who knew the truth, but before his knights found Mother’s body, a huntsman came across her first. When he saw her lying there, he went to check if she was alright, but when he realized she was dead, he was horrified and fled.”
        “Can the words of this huntsman be trusted?”
        “I’ve been having Lucien investigate our mother’s death. The huntsman himself came forward to talk to him. Apparently, he took a hairpin from Mother and has been feeling guilty.” Evander turned to Lauren. He was holding a square of black cloth in a gloved hand and carefully unwrapped it to reveal a golden hairpin. The deep blue jewels glittered softly in the moonlight.
        Lauren was quiet for a moment. “What happened to the huntsman?”
        “Lucien paid him to keep his mouth shut,” Evander said emotionlessly. Then he raised his gaze to the sky. “In a way, I’m glad she didn’t die in her chambers. Instead, she became one with the night.”
        Lauren ran a hand over the stone railings. When she and her brother were younger, their mother liked to bring the two of them to the observation deck at night. She wouldn’t say anything, but instead would hold their hands and the three of them would look up at the stars in silence.
        Lauren’s heart couldn’t help but ache whenever she thought about her mother. She had been sent to a land far from home to marry a man who neglected her. This cold stone castle had swallowed her and many others.
        Lauren blinked as movement caught her eye, and her eyes widened slightly as she watched Evander unfasten his silver mask. His dark eyes were distant.
        Lauren just remained by his side, offering her brother what comfort she could with her presence.


~


        The following morning, Lauren, Lucien, and Arabella stood outside the castle gates as they waited for the carriage from Eloria. Even though it was a clear day, there was a cold wind that whispered through the trees and grass.
        As the wind picked up, Arabella hurried over to drape a cloak over Lauren’s shoulders. “Your Highness, you need to stay warm.”
        Lauren smiled as she accepted the cloak. Arabella shivered herself as she stepped back. A few moments later, Lucien was standing next to her, offering his cape. Arabella blushed, but then suddenly, the sound of wheels over the stone sounded. Arabella’s expression changed to a disappointed frown as Lucien refastened his cape and strode off to meet the carriage.
        “I can’t believe him,” Arabella muttered as she and Lauren stared after the knight.
        Lauren gave her a sympathetic look.
        As the carriage grew closer, Lauren could see the knights on horseback, each bearing the flag of Eloria: a yellow rose. The knight leading the procession sported a matching yellow cape, and his dark hair was pulled away from his face. “That’s Sir Aldric de Aragon,” Lauren quietly told Arabella.
        “He’s handsome,” Arabella said dreamily.
        The carriage came to a stop, and Sir Aldric dismounted. He walked over to the carriage and opened the door. Lauren and Arabella both curtsied respectfully as a young woman stepped out. Her long skirts swished around her legs, and she looked up at the castle in awe. She was slim, and her wavy brown hair was pinned in an elegant wreath around her head. She quickly got over her awe and smiled politely as she curtsied as well.
        “This is Princess Emmeline Estone, the princess elect of Eloria,” Sir Aldric announced. Aldric then looked up at the stone castle and raised a brow. “Well I’ll be damned. This place doesn’t look as frightening as the stories make it out to be.” His gaze fell on Lauren, and Lauren smiled politely. “You must be the Evernight Princess.”
        Lucien stepped forward. “How dare you address Her Highness that way!”
        Lauren maintained her smile as she ignored Aldric’s comment. She addressed Emmeline instead. “I’m Princess Lauren Locke of Velmoor.”
        Emmeline shot Aldric a warning look before smiling. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness.”
        Lucien forced a smile, though something about the expression looked unnatural on his face. “Esteemed guests, if you would please follow me this way. Princess Lauren and I will give you a tour of Velmoor Castle.”
        The tour lasted an hour and ended with showing Princess Emmeline and her entourage to their rooms. A welcoming banquet would be held that night, and in the meantime, Lauren and Arabella got to rest.
        Once Arabella shut the door to Lauren’s rooms behind them, she stomped her foot angrily. “That knight! Who does he think he is to be so daring? He’ll single-handedly ruin Velmoor and Eloria’s relations!”
        Lauren gave her a wry smile. “Not fawning over him anymore, are you?”
        Arabella flushed. “Him? I disliked him the moment I saw him. He’s nothing compared to Lucien.” Then Arabella’s expression changed as she hurried over to Lauren. Her eyes sparkled. “What do you think about the princess elect?”
        “I have a good impression of her,” Lauren said thoughtfully.
        “Do you really think a commoner can be princess?” Arabella pushed.
        Lauren shrugged gracefully. “If I didn’t know about her background, from the way she presented herself during the tour, I would have thought she was always a princess. I have faith in her. Emmeline Estone was chosen for a reason.”
        Once the sun went down, the banquet was held. Lauren watched Emmeline speak politely with Evander. Even though the two of them looked relaxed, Aldric and Lucien were staring each other down distastefully.
        When the meal was over, Lauren returned to her room, where Arabella was waiting to hear all the details. Soon, Arabella had left to return to the maid’s quarters, and Lauren was sitting by the window, reading a book. She wasn’t sure how long she had been reading before there was a quiet knock on her door. Lauren paused for a moment, unsure if she had imagined the sound, but when it came again, Lauren closed her book and rose to her feet. Barefoot, she strode to the door in her nightgown and pulled it open.
        Lauren blinked. “Princess Emmeline?”
        The young woman standing in the doorway gave her a sheepish smile. “Princess Lauren. I hope I didn’t disturb you by coming to your rooms this late.”
        Lauren smiled softly. “I hadn’t gone to bed yet. What are you doing here so late, though?”
        “I came here to apologize,” Emmeline told her. “I know what kind of character Aldric is, but I didn’t think he would act so rudely. I’m here to apologize on his behalf for offending you earlier. I hope you can forgive him for the sake of our two countries.”
        Lauren just waved her off. “Don’t worry about it. I didn’t plan to hold it against him.”
        Emmeline’s tense expression seemed to relax. She glanced around the empty hallways for a moment before turning back to Lauren. “There’s actually another reason I came to find you as well. After the banquet, I was summoned to the king’s study to talk about relations between our kingdoms. While I was there, I dropped an earring, but I couldn’t find an appropriate time to retrieve it. It should still be in his study now. This is the other one,” Emmeline said quickly as she produced a jeweled earring from the skirts of her nightgown. “Aldric told me not to worry about it and that the castle can just give me another pair, but whenever I think about losing something this valuable, it hurts me. Before I became the princess elect, that one earring alone is more money than my entire family had.”
        Lauren gave her a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, I’ll go retrieve it for you.”
        “You will?” Emmeline asked enthusiastically. Then she winced as she realized she had broken her composure.
        Lauren just laughed. “You don’t have to be so formal around me. I won’t tell anyone.”
        Emmeline broke into a relieved grin. “Thank you!”
        “You should go back to your rooms,” Lauren told her as she slipped out into the hallway. “I’ll go to my brother’s study and look for the earring.”
        After walking Emmeline back to her rooms, Lauren continued down the hallway and up the flights of stairs to her brother’s study. Lucien wasn’t standing guard outside, and Lauren quietly knocked on the door. “Lucien? Your Majesty?”
        When there was no response, Lauren frowned. She tried the handle, but the door was locked. Silently pulling off one of her gloves, Lauren let her magic spill from her fingertips. There was a soft click, and the door swung open. Lauren slipped inside and shut the door behind her. Then, after lighting a candle, she dropped to her knees to begin her search. It didn’t take her long to find the earring glittering on the floor, and she triumphantly plucked it up.
        Lauren had just stepped over to the desk to extinguish the candle when a piece of paper caught her eye. She didn’t think much of it until her gaze fell on the signature: Yours, Evan.
She had never seen her brother sign his name that way before. Who was he writing to? She paused for a moment before walking around to read it. Lauren’s eyes widened as she skimmed the elegantly written lines. It was a love letter—a love poem, to be exact. Lauren just stared. She didn’t know Evander was capable of penning such emotions. Reading the words on the page, he sounded like a completely different person. If it wasn’t written in his handwriting and signed with his signature, Lauren never would have thought the letter was his. So there was someone her brother admired.
        For all these years, Evander had been emotionless, practically disconnected completely from emotion itself. Since he became king, Lauren had never seen him laugh or cry or even get angry. He had become king, and the Evander she once knew had vanished. But he had never really vanished. This letter was proof that a part of him was still there. As the king, he considered everything for everyone except himself. But Lauren hoped that he would be able to find happiness as well. She smiled faintly at the letter. She would keep her brother’s secret.


~


        The following morning, Lauren had just reached the door to Emmeline’s rooms when she heard the sound of voices from within.
        “The king is completely emotionless,” Aldric was saying. “It’s hard not to feel uncomfortable in his presence.”
        “I thought he was quite respectable, on the contrary,” Emmeline said coolly. “His heart is with his people, and he has their best interests in mind.”
        “Don’t tell me you’ve taken a liking to the king of Velmoor.”
        “Isn’t that what this visit is supposed to be about anyway?” Emmeline countered. “Both of us know it’s to look at a prospective marriage between our countries. But who said I’ve taken a liking to the king? I just admire him as an individual, and that’s all there is to it.”
        Aldric let out a chuckle. “I knew you wouldn’t really fall for him. Everyone knows that the king’s personality is like a statue. When he’s not entertaining guests, he’s always wearing a creepy mask around the castle.”
        “You don’t have anything nice to say at all about him?” Emmeline asked in exasperation.
        “Why would I? A knight follows a code of honor, but there was no honor in the way the old king killed my father. I vowed to avenge him.”
        “Aldric, the old king has passed. Even your brother knows the Velmoor of today isn’t the one of the past.”
        When they paused, Lauren took the opportunity to knock on the door. There were hurried footsteps, and Emmeline appeared as the door swung open. A smile split across her face. “Princess Lauren!” She pulled the door wider and motioned for Lauren to enter. Then she turned to Aldric. “You can leave us.”
        Aldric bowed. “Yes, Your Highness.” He left the room without a glance at Lauren.
        Emmeline winced. “Please don’t mind him. Back in Eloria, he’s the role model all the knights look up to. It’s just that his family has a history with Velmoor that makes him bitter. I warned him to keep his cool for the sake of our two countries, but . . .” she sighed. “I’m really sorry for the embarrassment.”
        “I understand,” Lauren said softly. She reached into the pockets of her skirts and held out the jeweled earring to Emmeline. “I found this in my brother’s study.”
        Emmeline’s eyes lit up as she quickly took the earring from Lauren, checking to see if there was anything out of place. When she was satisfied the earring wasn’t damaged, she let out a sigh and hugged it to her chest.
        Lauren raised a brow. “This earring seems even more important to you than you made it out to be.”
        Emmeline flushed slightly as she averted her gaze. “Octavian gave this pair to me.”
        Lauren blinked. “Octavian de Aragon? Aldric’s older brother?”
        Emmeline ran her fingers over the earring. “I don’t think I would have been able to survive the palace if it weren’t for his help.”
        “Is he a knight too?” Lauren questioned. While reading up on Eloria, she had come across the de Aragon family on more than one occasion: they were a family of knights who had been serving the royal family for generations.
        Emmeline smiled faintly as she shook her head. “No, but he was training to be a knight when he was younger. He and his family were on their way to Astelia, but they ran into Velmoor knights on the way.” Her smile faded. “The de Aragon brothers managed to escape, but Octavian lost his right arm in the fight, and his father and uncles were captured.”
        Lauren winced slightly. Lucien’s father had been the captain of the guard at the time, and his violence and cruelty had been enough to make anyone tremble when his name was whispered. The uncles had eventually been released when Evander took the throne, but the de Aragon brothers’ father had passed away in the dungeons.
        Emmeline smiled awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to bring this up or make you feel uncomfortable.”
        Lauren sighed. “I know. I’m not proud of Velmoor’s history either, and His Majesty is doing his best moving forward.”
        “I like His Majesty as a person,” Emmeline said. “I really do. He’s not the stone statue Aldric makes him out to be.”
        “How would you feel about a marriage between our two countries, then?” Lauren asked lightly.
        Emmeline blinked, caught off guard. “I . . .” She was quiet for a moment. “If that’s what is necessary to unite Velmoor and Eloria, I’m willing to do it.”
        Lauren smiled faintly. “You’ll do it, but your heart is elsewhere.”
        This time, Emmeline winced. “You figured it out.”
        “Don’t worry,” Lauren reassured her, “we’re living in an era of peace, and a marriage between kingdoms isn’t necessary. My brother has someone else on his mind as well.”
        Emmeline’s eyes widened as she leaned closer, lowering her voice. “Who is it?”
        “I saw a love letter on his desk when I went to retrieve the earring,” Lauren said in equal quiet. “There was a name at the top: Alex.”
[d]
        “Alex?” Emmeline echoed thoughtfully. Then a smile lit up her face. “Could it be Alexis Fairchild, the youngest son of the Fairchild family?”
        Lauren paused. “I’m not sure. What makes you think it might be Alexis Fairchild?”
        “I heard it from Octavian,” Emmeline replied with a giggle. “He told me he spotted the two of them talking together once at a ball. He wouldn’t have thought much of it, but then King Evander smiled! It has to be Alexis Fairchild.”
        Lauren’s smile grew. “Does Octavian have a nickname? Or does he just go by Octavian?”
        Emmeline flushed again. “The two of us aren’t that close. He told me to just call him by his name, but even that feels awkward. Either way, he’s the best thing that’s happened to me ever since I became the princess elect. To be honest, I never imagined that a normal girl like myself would ever become a princess. Yes, I entered my name, but originally it was only because my cousin dared me to. When I was selected, I felt like someone was playing a joke on me. My parents didn’t want me to go, but my grandmother ended up convincing me to.” Then Emmeline smiled. “Everyone at the palace knows I like horses. Octavian convinced his brother to let me into the stables. Octavian also—”
        Just then, there was a knock on the door. “Your Highness,” Aldric’s voice called. “Our schedule begins soon.”
        Emmeline sighed. “Got it. Thank you.” Then she turned back to Lauren and offered her an apologetic smile. “Let’s talk more later.”
        Lauren nodded. “You can find me in my rooms once you’re done for the day.”
        Lauren glided out the door. Alexis Fairchild. She would have to ask Arabella and Lucien if they knew anything about the Fairchild family’s youngest son.
        Lauren didn’t have to wait long before Arabella arrived at her rooms with a tray of breakfast. Lauren quickly beckoned her inside before shutting the door behind her. “Do you know anything about Eloria’s Fairchild family?”
        Arabella blinked as she set the tray down. “I know of them. Why?”
        “Do you know anything about Alexis Fairchild?”
        Arabella frowned thoughtfully. “Their youngest son? I’ve heard that he’s generally a very quiet person. That’s all I know about him, though. I’ll have to ask Lucien—I get most of the gossip from him anyway. Whenever I ask him, he scolds me for being nosy, but then proceeds to tell me about everyone’s business. Talk about being nosy, that hypocrite.”
        Once Arabella left and Lauren finished her breakfast, she walked over to the windows of her bedroom and drew the curtains shut. Next, Lauren took a seat at the foot of her bed and gently pulled off her gloves. She looked at the inky markings trailing up her fingers for a moment before taking a breath to clear her head. She held her hands out in front of her and watched as they began to glow with a faint light. The more she focused, the brighter the light became.
        Ever since the markings had appeared on her hands, Lauren had been practicing magic in secret. Something told her she needed to figure out how to control the magic; otherwise, it would control her.
Slowly, Lauren rose to her feet. She waved her hands over herself, and midnight blue light flared. Her dress was engulfed in the light, and when the light finally subsided, Lauren looked down at herself in delight. She was dressed in an inky black gown with a flowing train. Lauren twisted around, looking at herself in the mirror to admire her work. Except . . . Lauren frowned faintly as she brushed her hair to the side. The entire back of the dress was missing. She was making progress on mastering her magic, but she still had a long way to go.
        The door opened, and Arabella entered the room. When she noticed the back of Lauren’s dress was missing, she hurried over. “Your Highness! You’re practicing magic again?”
        Lauren continued to frown at her dress as she tugged at the sheer fabric. “If I don’t practice, who will?”
        “Your Highness!” Arabella said in exasperation as she went to fetch a new dress from the wardrobe. “You should stop before something bad happens. Neither of us knows what that magic is capable of. Legend has it that the founder of Velmoor was a sorceress and that she single-handedly built the kingdom on her dark magic.”
        Lauren brushed her hair back over her shoulder. “Do I look like an all-powerful sorceress to you?”
        Arabella paused. “Well, no.” She walked over to Lauren with a new dress in hand. “Here, let me help you put this one on.”
        Lauren raised her hands again. “Hold on, let me try one more time.” Magic filled the room again, and this time, when it cleared, Lauren was dressed in a periwinkle-colored gown. A smile tugged at her lips as she twisted around to admire her work in the mirror. This time, the back of the dress was complete.
        Arabella clapped her hands together in delight, but then suddenly, she let out a gasp. Lauren blinked as she turned to her maid, only to notice Arabella wasn’t looking at her anymore. Lauren slowly followed her gaze to where another young woman was standing in the doorway, open-mouthed[e].
        Lauren just smiled. “Princess Emmeline.”
        Emmeline stared with large eyes. “I—you—”
        “Would you like to come in?”
        Emmeline nodded and cautiously stepped inside. Arabella swiftly shut the door behind her. Emmeline opened her mouth and then closed it again, unsure what to say. Finally, she managed to find her words. “You know magic?”
        Lauren nodded. “It’s a secret, though. I hope you won’t tell anyone.”
        “I won’t tell a soul,” Emmeline said quickly. Then her expression broke into a giddy smile as she hurried over. “How did you learn magic? Can you show me some? I thought witchcraft was only a legend!”
        “I thought it was only a legend too,” Lauren admitted. “That was until I found a magical book in an old archive under the castle. When I touched the book, it did this to my hands.” She showed Emmeline the dark markings trailing up her arms. “Ever since then, I’ve had the ability to practice magic.”
        Emmeline just stared. “That is so cool.”
        Arabella hurried over as well. “Your Highness,” she said under her breath. “I thought we were going to keep this between the two of us! If Princess Emmeline tells someone, we’re going to be in big trouble.”
        Emmeline frowned faintly. “I already promised I won’t tell anyone. Besides, I have no reason to tell anyone. As the princess of Eloria, I want peace between our two countries.” Her smile was back within seconds. “I saw you use magic to change your dress. What else can you do?”
        Lauren raised her hands. “At this point, I can only really change my clothing. Look.” There was a flash of light, and then she was dressed in a lacy gown.
        Emmeline clapped her hands enthusiastically.
        A smile played on Lauren’s lips as she raised her hands again. This time, the light surrounded Emmeline. When it cleared, the princess elect was wearing a new wine-red dress. Emmeline laughed and twirled in delight.
        Arabella had her hands on her hips. “Your Highness!”
        Lauren just waved her hands again, and in seconds, Arabella was dressed in a tulle ballgown. Before long, the three of them were giggling and twirling as they tried on a variety of different magical dresses and accessories.
        Finally, Lauren waved her hands, and their clothes returned to normal. Arabella left to bring them snacks, and Emmeline walked over to the window. Lauren watched as she placed a hand against the glass, looking out at the hazy world beyond.
        “How does Velmoor compare to Eloria?” Lauren asked softly.
        “Velmoor has a sort of quiet beauty to it,” Emmeline replied thoughtfully. “It’s not the scary place people make it out to be. Eloria is always bustling, and the streets are full of flowers in full bloom. Velmoor is quiet and shrouded in mist and mystery. But not in a dark way, rather in a magical one.” Emmeline turned around to face Lauren. She was smiling. “Thank you for showing me some of that magic.”


~


        That night, Lauren was in her nightgown, reading a book by the window, when Arabella entered the room. “Your Highness,” Arabella started. “You should go check on Princess Emmeline. Lucian reported that she’s been sitting alone in the ballroom all evening.”
        Lauren set her book down. “I’ll go check on her.”
        Lauren glided down the staircases until she reached the ballroom. She found Aldric standing outside, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest.
        Lauren curtsied politely to him, and Aldric bowed back. “The princess elect is inside?” Lauren asked.
        Aldric just nodded.
        Lauren glided forward and pushed one of the large doors open with a gloved hand[f]. Emmeline sat in the corner of the empty ballroom, staring into space. Her lacy skirts flowed around her, and she didn’t seem to notice that her hair had come undone from its updo.
        “Everything alright?” Lauren asked as she took a seat next to her.
        Emmeline just let out a sigh. “Tonight’s meeting with the Velmoor bureaucrats didn’t go as well as it could have, let’s put it that way. His Majesty ended the meeting early and dismissed them.”
        “Would you like to tell me what happened?”
        Emmeline nodded, still watching the night sky outside the ballroom’s large windows. “His Majesty made it clear that the meeting would be about improving relations between our two countries, but they only wanted to talk about marriage. They made it sound like it was a set deal. I was trying my best to explain to them that there was no engagement between His Majesty and me, but those old men wouldn’t listen to me at all. His Majesty could tell I was getting very uncomfortable because he ended the meeting.”
        Lauren placed a gentle hand on Emmeline’s shoulder. “Did my brother speak up for you at all?”
        Emmeline brushed her hair away from her face as she turned to look at Lauren. “Oh, don’t get me wrong, he tried his best to. But those old farts didn’t listen to him either.” Emmeline didn’t seem like she knew what to do with her hands and began fiddling with the lace on her dress. “When I first became the princess elect, I knew that a marriage with the king of Velmoor was a possibility. I’ll admit that I worried about it on more than one occasion too. I didn’t know what kind of person King Evander was, and all I had heard were rumors. Now that I’ve met him, I’m no longer afraid of having to marry him if that’s what’s best for our two countries. He’s a good person. But if we married, there would never be any romance between us. Our hearts already belong to others.”
        Emmeline took a deep breath as she smiled sadly. “I’m starting to understand how the life of a royal is no longer about the individual. It’s about duty and responsibility. It’s about always putting the country first. But in this era of peace, what if we could have both?”
        Lauren hummed softly. “I don’t see why not.” Then her eyes sparkled. “Did you hear that Velmoor will be hosting a ball in your honor next week?”
        Emmeline blinked as she shook her head. “Today’s meeting got so hectic that it wasn’t mentioned.”
        “Arabella brought a copy of the guest list for me to look at,” Lauren said with a smile. She pulled it from her skirts to show Emmeline. “Alexis Fairchild will be there.”
        Emmeline’s face broke into a grin. “This is perfect! We can start thinking of ways for His Majesty and Alexis to meet!”
        Lauren let out a laugh.
        Emmeline just smiled wider. “His Majesty has done so much to help me already[g]; this is the least I can do to return the favor.” She scanned the list. “Oh! Octavian’s invited too.”
        “Excited?”
        Emmeline flushed and hid her face. “Yes.”


~


        Lauren and Emmeline spent the next week learning more about the ball and planning when they could give Evander and Alexis a chance to meet. With the help of Arabella finding out information from Lucien, they soon had a plan.
        The day of the ball, Emmeline was in Lauren’s room, watching the latter try on a series of different magical dresses. Lauren waved her hand, and the orchid purple dress she was wearing was replaced by a moonlight silver one.
        Emmeline angled her head to the side. “I think I prefer the purple one.”
        Lauren looked in the mirror, twisting around to see the back of the dress. “I think so too.” She snapped her fingers, and the purple dress flashed back into existence. “Now for the hair . . .”
        Arabella hurried forward. “I’ll take care of your hair. The last thing you want is to somehow set it on fire before the ball.”
        Lauren smiled as Arabella turned her around and began brushing it[h] out.
        Emmeline was already in a rose-gold gown adorned with ribbons and lace. Her own hair was in a series of intricate braids with a crystal tiara as the headpiece. The sun had just begun to set outside, and the crystals glittered and sparkled as they caught the last of the dying light.
        “Who did your hair tonight?” Lauren asked. “It’s beautiful.”
        “A maid named Colette,” Emmeline answered. “Just looking in the mirror, I’ve never felt more like a princess.”
        “Looking forward to seeing Octavian?”
        Emmeline blushed. “I wonder what he’ll think of my outfit tonight. He’s seen me at my worst. Tonight, I’ll be looking my best for a change.”
        “He’s seen you at your worst?” Arabella echoed curiously.
        Emmeline nodded. “I was having a bad day at the castle and went to the stables to try and center myself. But my mind was still scattered, and I ended up tumbling off my horse in front of Octavian. I was a flustered mess, but he comforted me and told me everyone has bad days. That things would be better tomorrow.” Emmeline was smiling faintly now. “He and Aldric are very similar, but Octavian is more sympathetic. He’s more understanding. I just feel comfortable being around him. I wonder if he feels the same way around me.”
        Arabella giggled. “He must if he’s giving you gifts.”
        Before long, it was time to head to the ballroom. Lauren and Emmeline walked together down the stone corridors, followed by Arabella and Aldric. The two princesses paused at one of the windows to look out at the line of carriages arriving at the castle gates far below.
        “This isn’t my first ball,” Emmeline said quietly, “but I still can’t help but feel a little nervous. This will be my first ball outside of Eloria. Here, I’ll be representing Eloria. My first ball, you could say, would have been a disaster if Octavian and Aldric hadn’t stepped in to save the situation. Some of the aristocrats didn’t think a wild girl who rides horses should have been selected to be the princess. They were bent on humiliating me and having me make a fool of myself. I would have fallen into their trap too. But because of going through that, now I know how to prepare and act.”
        “It’s up to you to prove them wrong,” Lauren said with a smile. She stepped away from the window and motioned to the remainder of the hall leading to the double doors of the ballroom. “Shall we?”
        Emmeline took a deep breath before nodding confidently. “Let’s go.”
        In the ballroom, Emmeline and Lauren split up and went around the room engaging in polite conversations with the guests. The main focus of the ball was on Emmeline, and Lauren kept an eye on the aristocrats the princess elect was currently conversing with. She doubted any of them would try anything in the same room as the king, but it was always better to be safe than sorry.
        After all the guests had arrived, Emmeline accepted offers to dance with a long line of noble men all waiting their turn. She waltzed gracefully in time with the music, and her skirts flowed like the petals of a blooming flower as she twirled.
As a representative of Velmoor, it didn’t take long for Lauren to take to the dance floor as well.
        When the dancing finally ended and it was time for the guests to mingle among themselves again, Lauren caught Emmeline’s eye from across the room. The princess elect nodded before gliding off. Lauren watched as she approached the king and curtsied politely. Emmeline said something to him, and Evander offered her his arm. Emmeline took it, and the two of them left the ballroom.
        Next, Lauren looked around the ballroom and quickly found Arabella. Arabella caught her eye and motioned to the young nobleman standing in front of her. Lauren gave her a nod, then began heading in their direction.
        Lauren came to a stop in front of the nobleman and curtsied. “Alexis Fairchild, I presume?”
        Alexis nodded and bowed. “Princess Lauren.”
        Lauren smiled faintly. “There’s someone waiting for you in the gardens.”
        A smile lit up Alexis’s pale face. “Please, lead the way.”
        Lauren led Alexis out of the ballroom. From the balcony surrounding the ballroom, the two of them took the stairs down to the gardens. Instead of being filled with flowers, the Velmoor gardens were full of tall hedge walls.
        Lauren stopped at the edge of the hedge maze. “Follow the path illuminated by the lanterns,” she instructed. “He’s waiting for you.”
        “Thank you,” Alexis said quietly before setting off down the path. Lauren waited until he vanished from view before removing one of her gloves and waved an inked hand. A new hedge rose up to hide the path. If there were others in the garden, this way they wouldn’t be able to intrude on the meeting.
        There were footsteps, and Lauren turned to find Emmeline walking toward her. Emmeline smiled as she gave her a thumbs-up. Lauren smiled back, and the two of them made their way back up the steps to the balcony. There were people talking together on the balconies now, and Lauren and Emmeline walked over to the side to find an empty spot.
        Even though the gardens below were dark, Lauren pointed out the two figures sitting next to each other on one of the benches in the middle of the hedge garden. Emmeline rested her arms on the stone railing. “I’m happy for the two of them. This is my first time seeing King Evander so content.”
        “Have you met up with the one you want to see yet?” Lauren asked, her eyes sparkling as she turned to look at Emmeline.
        Emmeline just sighed as she looked up at the starry night. “Our eyes met from across the ballroom. I tried to make my way toward him, but the crowd of nobles wouldn’t let me through. I think he knew too not to try and approach me then. I’m still looking for an opportunity. I know once I step back into the ballroom, I’m going to get swamped by nobles again.”
        “Your Highness,” a voice said.
        Both Lauren and Emmeline turned to find Aldric walking toward them. There was a young man with him. He had the same face and dark hair as Aldric, but he was missing a right arm.
        “Octavian!” Emmeline exclaimed in an excited whisper.
        Aldric looked between the two of them. “I saw the way the two of you were looking at each other in the ballroom, so I decided to take it upon myself to bring you star-crossed lovers together.”
        Both Emmeline and Octavian turned pink in the face at that.
        “We’re not really,” Emmeline sputtered at the same time Octavian said, “we haven’t reached that point yet.”
        “Your Highness!” another voice called.
        This time, they all looked over as Arabella and Lucian hurried over. Lucian was out of breath as he came to a stop in front of Lauren. “Have you seen His Majesty? He disappeared, and I’m worried something happened to him.”
        “Nothing happened to him,” Arabella said in exasperation. “How many times do I have to tell you before you believe me?”
        Lauren nodded in the direction of the hedge garden. “He’s over there.”
        Lucian swiftly stepped over to the railing, squinting as he looked down at the gardens below. “Who’s he talking to?”
        “Alexis Fairchild,” Lauren answered simply.
        “Now that you know he’s safe,” Arabella said hotly as she grabbed Lucian’s arm, “come on, let’s go.”
        “The two of them know each other?” Lucian just looked back over his shoulder, stunned[i] as Arabella dragged him away.
        For a while, Lauren stayed by the edge of the balcony. A short distance away, Emmeline and Octavian talked together in quiet voices while Aldric stood guard, keeping an eye on the other nobles congregated on the balcony and giving them warning looks if they stared at the princess elect too long.
        Lauren trailed a gloved hand over the stone railing. Her skirts fluttered in the cool night breeze. As she looked on, Alexis Fairchild rose and bowed to Evander before starting on his way out of the hedge garden. Lauren removed her glove and waved a hand[j]. The magical hedge hiding the exit vanished.
        Once Alexis had climbed the steps back to the balcony, he dipped his head once to Lauren before continuing on his way to the ballroom. Lauren caught Emmeline’s eye before taking the stairs down to the gardens. The sound of talking grew fainter as she descended the steps. Her crystal shoes caught the moonlight, glittering and sparkling.
        She made her way through the hedge garden until she reached her brother. He was still sitting on one of the benches, gazing up at the stars. His mask lay on the wood next to him.
        “Lauren,” Evander said as he finally looked over at his sister.
        Lauren took a seat next to him. “How was your meeting?”
        A faint smile crossed Evander’s face. “Normally, I only feel comfortable, I only feel like myself, with my mask on. But this time, I completely forgot I wasn’t wearing it. Thank you and Princess Emmeline for giving us a chance to talk to each other tonight. But how did you find out?”
        “I slipped into your study one night to retrieve Emmeline’s lost earring,” Lauren admitted. “I’m sorry, I know I shouldn’t have looked at your personal letters, but they caught my eye. How long have you been exchanging letters with Alexis Fairchild?”
        “At least five years now. Though over those five years, the number of times we’ve actually met in person was few. This was our third meeting.”
        Lauren was quiet for a moment as the light wind rustled through the leaves. “What would you call your current relationship with him?”
        Evander didn’t take his eyes off the stars. “Soulmates, maybe.”
        “Just soulmates? Those were clearly love letters the two of you were exchanging.”
        This time, Evander turned to look at his sister. There was something almost sad behind his dark eyes. “I don’t know exactly what love is. Unless I put it in writing, it’s difficult for me to even connect with my emotions. I’ve read about all the emotions people have. I’ve had Lucian explain them to me as well. But maybe even if I’ve experienced them, it’s even harder for me to express them.” Evander dropped his gaze. “I know I’m disconnected from myself. I’m worried that if I become a full person, my emotions will get in the way and cloud my judgment. I’m worried that I’ll do something selfish.”
        “I know you’re always thinking about everyone,” Lauren said softly. “You’re always considering what’s best for Velmoor. You're our king, but you’re a person too.”
“You know as well as I do that what people want isn’t just some person ruling the country. They want a king.”
Lauren was quiet for a moment. It was true that Evander was the perfect king. He always put his subjects and their needs first, and even the people who disliked him had nothing bad to say about him. The only flaw they could find and stick to was that he was too perfect—like a statue void of imperfections, and as such, void of life.
Finally, Lauren spoke up again. “Is Alexis going to be spending the night at the castle?”
        Evander nodded. “He will be staying in the guest quarters and will depart in the morning.”
        Lauren paused again. “Will you get a chance to see him again?”
        Evander looked away. “I don’t think so.”
        Lauren rose to her feet. “It’s only just past midnight. You still have until morning. The two of you don’t know when the next time you’ll meet, so make the most of your time together now.”
        Evander blinked as he looked up at her. “But once the ball is over, I must retire to my chambers. My schedule ends at midnight.”
        Lauren gave her brother a smile. “Once your schedule ends, that’s when you can do what you want to do for yourself.”
        Evander looked uncertain. “I’ve never done something different before.”
        “Then how about this one time, you do something for yourself.”
        Evander was quiet for a moment before a small smile touched his lips. “Okay.”
        Lauren smiled to herself as she watched Evander rise to his feet. He bowed once to his sister before starting on his way out of the hedge gardens. Lauren remained in the middle of the gardens by herself for a while, watching the moon and stars glow.


~


        When Lauren finally returned to her rooms, she found Arabella waiting for her. “How did it go?” Arabella asked eagerly as she stepped forward to start removing the pins from Lauren’s hair.
        “It went perfectly,” Lauren said with a smile as she removed her lacy gloves.
        Arabella opened her mouth to ask another question when a knock sounded on the door. Arabella paused and walked over to open it[k]. “Princess Emmeline?”
        Emmeline let out a giggle as she waltzed past Arabella.
        Lauren raised a brow as Emmeline plopped down on the floor in a heap of tulle skirts. “What’s made you so happy tonight[l]?”
        “Octavian told me he liked me,” Emmeline said, rocking back and forth. Her hair had come undone and now fell in waves down her back. Her cheeks had a pink flush to them, and Lauren let out a soft laugh.
        “How much did you drink tonight?”
        “Not much.” Emmeline frowned, trying to remember. “Very little. One glass. Or maybe two or three.”
        Lauren picked up the comb Arabella had set down and walked over to take a seat behind Emmeline. Emmeline swayed from side to side as Lauren combed out the tangles in her hair. Lauren had just finished with the princess elect’s hair when another knock on the door sounded. This one was almost frantic, and Lauren watched as Arabella hurried over to open it[m].
        Lucian stood in the doorway, more frazzled than Lauren had seen him in a long time.
        “What happened to you?” Arabella asked. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
        “I—” Lucian started. “His Majesty—”
        Lauren sighed as Lucian continued to fail to complete his sentence. “What is it?”
        “His Majesty still hadn’t returned to his chambers despite the time,” Lucian said, “so I went looking for him. He’s always on time. I thought something must have happened, but then I found him in his study . . .”
        “And?” Emmeline pushed once Lucian trailed off.
        Lucian shook his head as if he didn’t want to believe it. “He was kissing Alexis Fairchild! Or rather, Alexis Fairchild was kissing him.”
        Arabella clapped her hands together. “That’s great! The two of them have acknowledged their feelings for each other.”
        Lucian turned to look at her. “Feelings? What feelings?”
        “Come on, Lucian,” Arabella said, shooting him a frown. “You’re the closest of all of us to His Majesty, yet you had no clue at all?”
        “Did you talk to them?” Emmeline questioned.
        Lucian shook his head. “The door was open a crack. I left shortly after I saw them. They didn’t see me.”
        “Was it romantic?” Arabella asked dreamily.
        “No,” Lucian said shortly. “Like I said, Alexis Fairchild was the one doing the kissing. His Majesty was just sitting there like a statue.”
        “I’m sure it wasn’t the way you’re describing it at all,” Arabella countered.
        “I’m just telling you what I saw!”
        Lauren rose to her feet to face Lucian. “What made you decide to come here?”
        Lucian blinked. “You’re his sister. If not you, who else do I report to?”
        Arabella took Lucian by the arm and tugged him back toward the door. “Her Highness got your report. You can go rest now. Goodnight.”
        Lucian just sputtered in surprise as Arabella pushed him out the door.
        There was a smile on Arabella’s face as she turned back to Lauren and Emmeline. “I never imagined His Majesty to be the romantic type. I’m happy for him.”
        The three of them remained in Lauren’s bedroom for a while, laughing and talking together before Emmeline nodded off to sleep. Arabella went to call Aldric to pick her up, and the knight arrived shortly to lift the sleeping princess into his arms.
        Once the two of them left, Arabella left as well, leaving Lauren alone in the lamp-lit room. Lauren was already in her nightgown, and she climbed into bed. She lifted a slender hand, and there was a soft rush of wind as the little candles inside the lamps were extinguished. Lauren didn’t realize how tired she was until she was lying there in her bed, but she felt content. She wondered whether her brother would be willing to talk to her more the next time she saw him.


~


        The following night, Lauren was already on the observation deck when Evander arrived, followed closely by Lucian. When Evander noticed his sister, he motioned for Lucian to wait by the doors. Lucian dipped his head in a nod.
        Evander was wearing his mask as he walked over to join Lauren at the railings. To Lauren’s surprise, this time, Evander reached up to remove his mask.
        The two of them stood there for a while, looking out at the night sky in silence.
        “Alexis Fairchild left this morning?” Lauren finally asked.
        Evander nodded.
        “Did the two of you meet again after the ball?”
        Evander nodded again. This time, a faint smile touched his lips. “I invited him to my study. We spent hours writing poems together. I can’t remember the last time I’ve felt that happy.” Evander reached into one of his pockets and withdrew a folded piece of paper. This he handed to Lauren.
        Lauren took the paper from her brother and carefully unfolded it. On the paper was a poem. She recognized her brother’s neat scrawl and how the lines alternated with Alexis’s flowing script. Lauren’s eyes went to the bottom of the page.
        Would you kiss me? Evander’s handwriting said.
        Lauren smiled faintly. “Did he kiss you?”
        Evander nodded for a third time.
        “You didn’t ask him out loud?”
        Something sad flickered behind Evander’s eyes. “I can’t express myself. Well, it’s not that I can’t; rather, I don’t know how. I can only put how I really feel down on paper. Alex understands. I think he understands me even more than I understand myself.”
        “Would you tell me more about Alexis?” Lauren asked softly.
        “We’ve been in contact since I was fourteen. When it first started, it was by accident, but it was the first time I had a pen pal. We kept exchanging letters and got to know more about each other that way. It was a few years after we started that Alex told me about his family background, but I never knew how to tell him about mine. I didn’t want to frighten him with it, so I kept it a secret. But the first time we met in person, he quickly found out.”
        Lauren blinked. “How did he figure it out?”
        Evander’s faint smile was back. “He recognized my handwriting.”
        “Have you thought about what you might want to do next?”
        Something flickered behind Evander’s eyes again. “We’ll keep exchanging letters. He’s busy with his life. I’m busy with mine. It would be impossible for the two of us to really be together, but that’s okay. Our letters are enough.”
        “Lucian saw you the other day,” Lauren told her brother. “I thought I’d let you know.”
        “Did he now,” Evander said. His tone and expression gave nothing away. “That’s fine. He’s always by my side, but he knows nothing of my life as Evander, not just the king of Velmoor. Now he knows.”
        Lauren’s gaze softened. “I’m happy for you. Not everyone can find their soulmate.”
        “What about you?” Evander asked.
        Lauren blinked at the unexpected question. “Me?”
        Evander dipped his head in a nod.
        Lauren brushed back her inky hair as she looked up at the night sky. “Maybe they’re out there somewhere. Or maybe they’re not. Either way, I’m happy with the way my life is right now. It isn’t essential for me to go looking.”
        The smallest of smiles played on Evander’s lips. “What about the princess elect?”
        Lauren blinked again as she turned to look back at her brother. “I hadn’t even thought about it until you mentioned it. After all, soulmates don’t have to be romantic. Maybe you’re right. I haven’t known Emmeline for long, yet she already feels like a sister to me.”
        The wind picked up, and Lauren wrapped her slender arms around her body. Her thin nightgown only did so much against the chill[n].
        “You should head inside,” Evander said.
        “What about you?”
        “I’ll stay out here a little longer.”
        Lauren nodded. “Goodnight, then.”
        Lauren made her way back to her rooms from the observation deck. She sat down on her bed, looking out at the window for a long moment before finally climbing under the covers and closing her eyes.


~


        Emmeline only had a few days left of her stay in Velmoor, so Lauren suggested that she show her around the city. Now Lauren was sitting across from the Princess Elect in a carriage, with Aldric as their driver and Arabella sitting at the front giving him directions.
        The curtains covering the windows fluttered in the morning breeze, and the fog that shrouded Velmoor was slowly starting to lift. All four of them were dressed in practical clothing for the sake of making their journey comfortable and simultaneously to not draw too much attention. Lauren knew that if word got out that the princess elect of Eloria was traveling around Velmoor, the locals would jump at the first chance they could to get a glimpse of her. And since Lauren had been the one to propose this unofficial sightseeing trip, she hoped this way Emmeline could be more at ease. Lauren smiled faintly. From the way Emmeline was practically glowing as she took in the scenery outside the window, Lauren could rest easy.
        Soon, Arabella was instructing Aldric to stop the carriage by a bakery. Once the carriage came to a stop, Arabella slid down from her seat to join the queue already trailing out the bakery doors. She returned a short while later with a basket full of pastries. These she brought into the carriage and proudly presented to the two princesses.
        Aldric climbed inside to join them. “Do I get one too?”
        Arabella wrinkled her nose and knocked his hand away as he reached for the basket. “Ladies first.”
        The scent of baking bread and pastries was warm in the air, and Lauren smiled gratefully as Arabella offered her the basket. To her, food was only exciting when shared with others, and this was the perfect time to share.
        The muffin she selected from the basket was delicious, and after the four of them finished their breakfast, they were on their way again. Lauren, with the help of Arabella, guided Emmeline and Aldric through the city, showing them a variety of noteworthy locations.
        It was in the afternoon now, and the sun had finally come out to clear away the rest of the mist and fog. The four of them were walking along through the quiet suburbs of the city when suddenly a cry caught their attention. They hurried over to the sound.
“Jump!” a girl’s voice called.
Lauren and Emmeline rounded the corner to find a young girl kneeling by the edge of a rushing river. She turned desperately to the two of them, pointing wildly to the water.
“My kitty!” she said, tears welling up in her eyes. “I can’t swim. Can you save her?”
“Wait here,” Emmeline instructed the girl as she threw aside her shawl without hesitation.
Aldric and Arabella were crying out next as Emmeline jumped into the water. Lauren was at the water’s edge in an instant, looking on with the others as Emmeline swam toward where the tiny cat was struggling to keep afloat as the flow of the river pushed it farther and farther away.
“Got it!” Emmeline called triumphantly as she lifted the kitten out of the water. But her smile faded as the cat flailed and scratched. Startled, there wasn’t anything the princess elect could do but drop the cat. “Hey! I’m trying to rescue you!”
“Emmeline!” Aldric called out as Emmeline dove back into the water to catch the waterlogged animal before the current could swallow it up. There was another splash as Aldric leaped into the water as well.
Arabella looked panicked as she looked from Lauren to the scene playing out in front of them. “Your Highness, what should we do? I can’t swim either.”
“Holly!” a woman’s voice called. Lauren turned to watch a middle-aged woman who must have been the girl’s mother emerge with a group of people.
The young girl kneeling by the water jumped at the sound of her name. She whirled toward the sound, at the same time losing her balance. She flailed desperately to grab on to anything to prevent her from toppling into the river.
Arabella let out a startled noise as the girl grabbed her skirts, and the two of them fell into the water together with a loud splash.
Lauren knelt by the river’s shore. “Grab my hand!”
Arabella kicked against the water, pushing the young girl toward Lauren. But the current was too strong.
Lauren desperately turned to the townsfolk that had gathered around. “Can any of you swim?”
They all shook their heads.
Lauren gritted her teeth as she pulled off her gloves. She had never expected their outing to go like this. Raising her hands in the air, Lauren let her magic wash over the river. Stars twinkled like the night sky, reflecting in the water as the magic scooped everyone in the river into the air.
The townsfolk looked on open-mouthed as Lauren carefully set them down on the grass.
Emmeline handed the young girl the kitten and offered her a weak smile.
“Holly!” the girl’s mother shrieked as she rushed over to throw her arms around her. “Are you alright? When I couldn’t find you, I got all our neighbors to go looking!”
“It was my kitty,” Holly said, still shaken. “She fell in the river.”
Arabella tugged at Lauren’s sleeve. She was shivering all over, and Lauren quickly took off her shawl to wrap around Arabella’s shoulders. “Your Highness,” Arabella said between chattering teeth. “We should go.”
“Wait,” Holly’s mother called out. Lauren blinked as all the townsfolk bowed their heads in unison, first to her, and then to Arabella. “Thank you for saving my daughter.”
Lauren and Arabella both curtsied in response.


~


        The four of them arrived back at the castle earlier than they had planned, but Lucian was already waiting for them. To everyone’s surprise, he rushed over to Arabella, taking her by the shoulders as he looked her up and down in concern.
        “I heard you fell into the river,” he said in a rush. “Are you alright?”
        “News really does reach you first,” Arabella said with a weak smile. When Lucian still looked worried, Arabella placed her hands on his arms. “I’m fine, Lucian.”
        When Lucian seemed reassured that Arabella really was alright, he then turned to Lauren. “Your Highness, you can do . . . magic?”
        “I thought it was impossible too,” Aldric said from where he was standing next to Emmeline. “But get this, the three ladies all were already in on it!”
        “Does His Majesty know?” Lucian asked sharply.
        Lauren let out a soft sigh. “No, though I think it’s about time to tell him.”


~


        Before long, Lauren was sitting across from her brother at his desk in the study. It was only the two of them in the room, and Evander’s face was expressionless like usual.
        There was silence for a while before Evander finally spoke up. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
        Lauren averted her gaze. The soft breeze wafting in from the window sent strands of her hair dancing. “I originally wasn’t going to tell anyone. But I wasn’t careful enough.” Lauren slowly removed her gloves to show her brother the markings covering her fingers and hands. “The magic has marked me.”
        Evander’s expression didn’t change as he looked at his sister’s hands. “I’m aware of the myths that the founder of Velmoor was a sorceress. You must have inherited the magic from our father’s side.” Then Evander was quiet again for a moment. “How much can you do with your magic?”
        “Not much,” Lauren admitted. “The most I’ve successfully managed is changing my clothes.” Then she trailed off. “And I helped everyone who fell in the river. Everything happened so quickly. I don’t know what I did, and I’m not sure if I’d be able to repeat it.”
        “What do you plan to do with your magic?”
        “I don’t know,” Lauren said truthfully. “I’ll continue to try and keep it a secret. I don’t want it to somehow hurt you or your reputation. I don’t know if it will be able to stay a secret, though. The townsfolk were watching when I used it, and even Lucian already knew by the time we returned to the castle.”
        Evander stood from his seat. “Stay in the castle for now. All we can do is wait and see what the kingdom’s reaction is.”


~


        That night, Lauren was walking from the library to her rooms when suddenly, something flashed from out of the shadows.
        Lauren jumped back in shock as a man dressed in black lunged at her with a dagger. Lauren instinctively threw her hands up, and her magic flared through the stone corridor[o]. The man was thrown back, slamming into the wall before slumping to the floor unconscious.
        Shaken, Lauren took a step back.
        “Your Highness!” Lauren whirled as footsteps sounded and Arabella appeared around the corner. “I was just about to come find you in the library—” Arabella stopped mid-sentence to gasp as her gaze fell on the man lying in a heap on the floor. His dagger lay a short distance away, glinting in the moonlight spilling in through the windows. “Let’s get you to your room now.”
        Lauren didn’t need to be told twice as she and Arabella quickened their pace, sticking close together as they wearily scanned every turn along the way.
        When they finally reached Lauren’s rooms, after searching every inch of the room for potential assassins, Arabella shut and locked the door behind them. She let out a breath. “Are you alright?”
        Lauren nodded silently, wrapping her arms around herself. She felt cold in a way she had never felt before.
        “How about I bring you something to eat?” Arabella suggested quietly.
        Lauren sat down on her bed and absently ran her fingers over the silky blankets. “No. I have no appetite. Besides, maybe you should stay here for a while too. I don’t know if it’s safe to wander the castle alone.”
        Arabella nodded. She had just gone and drawn the curtains over the windows when a knock sounded on the door.
        Arabella seemed to nearly jump out of her skin and fearfully grabbed the closest candlestick. Lauren felt a chill run down her spine as she rose to her feet. She exchanged a glance with Arabella before calling out, “Who is it?”
        “It’s Emmeline,” Emmeline’s voice called from the other side.
        Lauren felt relief rush through her as she hurried over to open the door. The moment she had closed the door behind the Princess Elect, Emmeline threw her arms around Lauren in a tight embrace.
        “I’m so glad you’re alright,” Emmeline said, her voice full of emotion. “Aldric told me that you were attacked.”
        “Aldric?” Lauren blinked. “How did he know?”
        “Lucian told him.”
        “And how did Lucian know?”
        Emmeline paused for a moment, frowning. “He’s the one who found the assassin lying in the hall.”
        “Lucian found the assassin?”
        Just then, another knock on the door had all of them jumping.
        Arabella brandished her candlestick at the door. “Who’s there?”
        “Lucian,” Lucian’s voice called back. “I can hear you talking about me through the door, you know. Princess Lauren, His Majesty tasked me with keeping you safe. I’m also here to inform you to convey his instructions of escorting you to a safe place first thing in the morning.”
        Lauren was quiet for a moment as she processed his words. “His Majesty wants me to leave the castle?”
        Lucian’s gaze softened. “Your brother only wants to keep you safe.”
        “Where will we go?” Lauren asked after a long silence fell between them.
        Lucian sighed. “I’m still not too sure myself. I promise that by morning, though, I’ll have thought of somewhere you can comfortably stay until the situation at the castle is resolved.”
        “How about you go to Eloria?” Emmeline said suddenly. “My grandmother’s house—I used to stay there with her for long periods of time! She lives alone and would love the company.”
        “Could I really do that?” Lauren questioned tiredly. “I wouldn’t want to impose on her life or bring her trouble either.”
        Emmeline gave Lauren a small smile as she shook her head. “Like I said before, my grandmother would appreciate the company. Do you have paper and a quill? I can write you a letter to bring to her explaining the situation.”
        Arabella pushed the candlestick she was holding into a very confused Lucian’s arms before walking over to the other side of the room to retrieve the writing materials for Emmeline. Emmeline followed her over and took a seat at the desk. Lauren, Aldric, and Lucian joined them as well, and all of them watched the letters bloom from the tip of Emmeline’s feathered quill.
        When the letter was done, Emmeline set the quill back in its little pot of ink. “There. Now my grandmother will know that you’re a friend of mine.”
        “Thank you, Emmeline,” Lauren said softly. “How can I ever repay you?”
        Emmeline waved her off. “You’ve helped me out so much in Velmoor already. Besides, we’re friends. What’s with this talk about repaying each other?”
        Lauren let out a weak laugh. “Thank you.”
        Emmeline’s smile faded next as she sighed. “How about I stay here with you tonight? Once you leave, I’m not sure when the next time we’ll see each other will be.”
        Lauren nodded. “Alright.”
        “Don’t worry, Your Highness,” Arabella said tearfully. “I’ll start packing our belongings.”
        Lucian raised a brow. “Our?”
        Arabella blinked before squaring her shoulders. “Of course. I’m going with the princess.”
        Lucian’s tone was heavy. “His Majesty instructed the princess to go alone. You’re to remain at Velmoor castle and accompany Princess Emmeline until she has to return to Eloria.”
        Arabella turned to Lauren, “Your Highness . . .”
        Lauren just smiled faintly. “I think it might be for the best this way. That assassin was after me. I don’t want to put you in danger.”
        Arabella sniffled. “I’ll stay here tonight with you too.”
        Lucian exchanged a glance with Aldric. “I’ll stay here in the study to guard. You can go back.”
        Aldric shook his head. “The princess of Eloria is here. I can’t have you let something happen to her while I’m gone, can I?” Then he turned to address Emmeline. “Don’t worry, Your Highness. I’ll be standing guard outside.”
        Emmeline’s small smile was back. “Thank you, Aldric.”
        Before long, Lauren was lying on her bed between Emmeline and Arabella. Lauren raised an inked hand, and with a gentle flick of her wrist, the curtains whispered away from the windows. The starry silver light streamed in through the glass. The three of them lay there, staring up at the ceiling for a while before an uneasy sleep claimed them.


~


        The following morning, before the sun had fully risen, Lucian was escorting Lauren out of the castle. Lauren had woken early and had carefully climbed out from between the still sleeping Emmeline and Arabella. She had shuffled around quietly, packing a few items to bring with her. Among these were the ceremonial dress and accessories her mother had left for her. Lauren had debated going down to retrieve the magic book, but had ultimately decided against it. After all, her magic was what had gotten her into trouble in the first place.
        The hem of Lauren’s cape trailed over the cold stones as she pulled the fabric tighter around her shoulders. Outside the windows, the world beyond was still dark and shrouded in mist. Before long, she and Lucian were at the back entrance of the castle, where a carriage was already waiting.
        “Go inside,” Lucian said quietly. “We’ll depart in ten minutes.”
        Lauren nodded as Lucian opened the carriage door for her, and she climbed into the carriage. Lauren blinked as she realized there was already someone sitting inside. The young man lifted his hands to remove the metal mask covering his face. Evander’s gaze was sad as he set the mask down on the bench beside him. “I’m sorry things turned out this way. Lucian and I have already started investigating the assassin’s identity and where he might have come from. Until things get cleared up, I’ll have to trouble you to lay low for your own safety.”
        Lauren offered her brother a smile. “It’s no trouble. I’ve gotten used to life at the castle, but if I never return, I don’t think that’s such a bad thing either.”
        Evander sighed softly. “If you really want to leave for good, I won’t stop you either. At least you have that option. I just hope that you won’t forget about this brother of yours.”
        Lauren reached over to take her brother’s gloved hands in her own. “I’ll never forget you, Evander.”
        “Let me show you something,” Evander said softly. He slowly removed his gloves. “I wear gloves not because I have magical markings on my hands to hide, but instead to hide a different type of mark.”
        Lauren’s eyes widened as Evander held up his bare hands for her to see. A long scar ran across both of his palms. “When did this happen?”
        Evander looked at his hands for a long moment before pulling his gloves back on. “It was a failed assassination attempt on my life the same year I took the throne. I caught the blade with my hands in an attempt to prevent it from piercing my heart. I survived, but these old wounds have never fully healed. I know what it’s like to have one’s life at risk, I just always hoped you’d never have to go through it as well.”
        Lauren looked on as Evander produced an old book from the folds of his cloak. “Isn’t that—”
        Evander held the book out to Lauren. “Bring it with you. Since the magic chose you, you should learn it to its fullest.”
        Lauren slowly reached out to take it from him. “Thank you.”
        Evander then rose to his feet and pushed open the door of the carriage. “Safe travels, Lauren.”
        Lauren watched him give more instructions to Lucian before starting on his way back to the castle. Lucian took the reins, and then the carriage rolled into motion[p].


~


        The next few weeks went by in a blur. Lauren and Lucian had made the journey from Velmoor to Eloria and finally to Eloria’s countryside to find Emmeline’s grandmother. Lauren had presented the letter Emmeline had written to the elderly woman, and she had quickly understood the situation.
        It had been a week now since Lauren had been living at Emmeline’s grandmother’s house, and she was slowly getting used to her new pace of life. The room she was staying in was small but cozy, and the walls were decorated with paintings of flowers and horses. When she had asked Emmeline’s grandmother about them, the woman proudly told her that this was Emmeline’s room and that the Princess Elect had painted them herself.
        In the quiet early mornings, Lauren would bring in the potted flowers and practice her magic. Now, not only could she make the flowers bloom, but she could also change the colors of their petals too.
        Before long, she could hear the quiet shuffling from the other room as Emmeline’s grandmother woke. In the mornings, Emmeline’s grandmother would make breakfast, then for lunch and dinner, the two of them would cook together. Lauren had never done any cooking herself before, and even though prepping ingredients and chopping vegetables at times proved to be tedious work, there was something very rewarding about bringing a fresh meal to the table to share. It made Lauren feel as if she were really living in a bright and colourful world beyond the castle walls. It was like all the books she had read.
        In the afternoons, Emmeline’s grandmother would take Lauren with her to visit the horses, where she would instruct Lauren on how to properly take care of them.
        One evening, after returning to the house, Lauren was getting ready for bed when her gaze fell on the chest in the corner of the room. This was where her mother’s ceremonial dress was stored. Even though Lauren had brought it with her, she hadn’t opened it even after arriving.
        Finally mustering the courage, Lauren glided over to it and knelt down in front of it. Carefully lifting the lid, Lauren found herself holding her breath. The intricately embroidered fabric seemed to glow in the moonlight spilling in through the open window. The lacey curtains fluttered softly as a light breeze picked up, casting shadows over the floor.
        The dress was made of deep purple and magenta threads and embroidered with flowers and petals. There was something so life-like about them, as if someone had used a needle to capture the flowers’ very essence.
        Lauren had never worn her mother’s dress before, and she ran a gentle hand over it. It was then that her fingers came across a rough patch, and she paused. There was a tear at the elbow of one of the flowing sleeves.
        “That’s a beautiful dress,” a voice said from the doorway.
        Lauren turned to find Emmeline’s grandmother smiling warmly. Lauren smiled back. “It is.”
        “Why don’t you put it on, dear? A beautiful dress like that would look just stunning on a beautiful young lady like yourself.”
        Lauren shook her head, smiling softly. “There’s a tear in the sleeve.”
        Emmeline’s grandmother blinked. “Then how about we mend it? May I take a look?”
        Lauren nodded and brought the dress over to show the elderly woman.
        Emmeline’s grandmother peered through her glasses at the tear. “I’ve never seen such stitching before. I’ve never seen anything like this thread either.”
        Lauren was quiet for a moment. “So you can’t mend it?”
        Emmeline’s grandmother shook her head. “Oh, I can mend it alright, but it wouldn’t look the same.” Then she smiled. “Don’t you have magic? What if you use your magic to fix it?”
        Lauren blinked. Could she? “I—I’m not sure how.”
        “How about I bring you some scraps to practice with, dear?”
        Lauren nodded as her resolve grew. “Please do.”


~


        Lauren spent the next few days practicing mending old socks and scarves in her room. At first, the concentration would give her a headache. Even after hours she hadn’t made any progress, but after the first day, she found she could slowly get the holes to close. A week later, she could successfully mend anything and have it appear as if there had never been any imperfections in the first place.
        One early morning, Lauren woke and slid out of bed. Her mother’s dress lay on top of the chest, the rich color of the fabric smiling back at her.
        Lauren looked at her hands—the hands covered in inked markings—and lifted them in front of her. She inhaled, and her magic sparked to life at her fingertips. She waved her hands through the air, and ever so slowly the dress began to mend itself.
        When it was done, the magic faded. Lauren was smiling from ear to ear. She felt giddy. She had done it.
        For the first time ever, Lauren stepped into her mother’s dress. The fabric felt heavy where it hung off her, but there was something comforting about it. Lauren stood in front of the mirror. She could see bits and pieces of her mother in her face. She could see her brother. She could see herself.


~


        It was over two months before Lauren had any visitors. The morning she saw the familiar carriage approaching from out the window, Lauren leaped up and ran outside. An auburn-haired figure jumped out of the carriage, laughing and waving as she ran toward her.
        Lauren’s bare feet flew over the grass until she reached Arabella. Arabella threw her arms around her. “Your Highness!”
        “Arabella,” Lauren said as she held her tightly. “I’ve missed you.”
        “I’ve missed you, too,” Arabella said tearfully as she finally released her. Her hair fluttered around her face as the wind picked up.
        Lauren looked over as the carriage came to a stop, and Lucian stepped down from the reins. “Your Highness.”
        Lucian seemed surprised as Lauren walked over to give him a hug too.
        “How’s everything at the castle?” Lauren asked once she stepped back.
        “His Majesty is fine,” Arabella informed her. Then she shuffled her feet. “But everyone is divided over you and your magic.”
        Lauren sighed. “Let’s go inside and talk. I’ll inform Emmeline’s grandmother about your arrival.”
        Inside, Lauren, Arabella, and Lucian sat around the dining room table. The windows were open, and a light breeze swept through the room. Lauren poured her two companions each a cup of floral tea from the teapot.
        She could feel Lucian’s gaze on her inked hands. Over the last month, Lauren had gotten more comfortable without wearing her gloves. Now that everyone already knew, she no longer had to hide who she was.
        Lauren smiled faintly. “So, can you tell me more about the situation in Velmoor?”
        Arabella nodded. “Half of the officials want you to step up as the kingdom’s treasured princess. With your magic, they think you are the perfect symbol of the kingdom and the kingdom’s perfect protector. The other half, well, to put it simply, are afraid of you and never want you to show up again.”
        “Eloria is afraid of you too,” Lucian added regretfully. “There’s been a lot of talk of them pressuring the Princess Elect to marry His Majesty. They think that if the two countries unite, they won’t have to worry about you being hostile toward them in the future.”
        “But,” Lauren started.
        Arabella stepped forward. “I know you would never use your magic to hurt people,” she said as she held Lauren’s gaze. “I know it, Lucian knows it, and His Majesty knows it as well. We know the real you. But we’re only three people. How can we get the entirety of Eloria and Velmoor to understand too?”
        Lauren was quiet for a long moment, watching the steam swirl off her teacup. “Either way, I have to help relieve their concerns somehow. Either they accept me, or I disappear for good.”
        Both Lucian and Arabella looked alarmed.
        “Don’t worry,” Lauren quickly reassured them, “I just mean that as in not showing up as Princess Lauren. I’ll get a new identity and start a new life. I know Velmoor will be in good hands. At the same time though, I am Velmoor’s princess. Even though Velmoor’s history is dark, I love all the people who live in my country. We’re working hard to make Velmoor a better place for them, and I want to be part of that. I don’t want to leave my brother there to shoulder everything on his own either.”
        “Can’t Princess Emmeline help vouch for you too?” Lucian asked. “There has to be some way you can return to the castle.”
        Lauren’s eyes widened slightly. “Princess Emmeline! I have an idea.”


~


        Lauren and Evander stood before the king of Eloria in his throne room. Banners decorated in golden roses hung from the high ceiling, and real flowers bloomed in elegant vases, bringing a sense of life with them to the magnificent space. Emmeline stood nearby, and she dipped her head encouragingly when Lauren caught her gaze.
        Lauren took a breath before turning to face the king. “Your Majesty, I’m Lauren Locke of Velmoor. Some have referred to me as the Evernight Princess. Today, I’ve come to make it clear to Your Majesty who my brother and I really are. We’re just two people who love our country. We want peace, and to keep that peace, we want a peaceful alliance with our neighboring kingdoms.”
        “What about your magic?” the advisor standing by the king’s side asked stiffly, eyeing Lauren’s bare hands.
        Lauren smiled. “To tell all of you the truth, the most I can do with my magic is grow flowers and mend outfits. Would you mind if I did a demonstration?"
        The corners of the king’s eyes crinkled as he smiled warmly. “Please, go ahead.”
        Feeling more confident, Lauren raised her hands. Her magic danced at her fingertips, and soon, a flowering pot of flowers was in her hand. This she presented to the king. He clapped in delight, and his advisor seemed to be trying hard to keep the mask of distaste on his face, though his eyes betrayed his awe.
        After passing the pot of flowers to Lucian, Lauren reached to take her brother’s hand in her own. With her free hand, she offered it to Emmeline. Emmeline smiled, stepping over to link their hands together.
        Lauren turned back to the king. “Your Majesty, I hope you can see my sincerity. I hope you can see me for who I am.”


~


        Before long, Emmeline was visiting Lauren at her grandmother’s house.
        “Did you hear the way everyone was talking about you?” Emmeline said excitedly as she hurried into the kitchen.
        Lauren looked over at her from where she was rolling out a sheet of dough. “What are people saying about me?”
        “They think you’re wonderful!” Emmeline sang, grinning ear to ear. “Word spread quickly of how you’re a friend of Eloria’s royal family and want peace between our two countries. Your brother sent a letter to me the other day. He says it’s about time you return to the castle.”
        Emmeline helped Lauren pack her belongings again. The two of them spent the day together, walking through the grass outside and playing card games with Emmeline’s grandmother after dinner.
        Soon, Aldric had arrived to take Emmeline back to the palace, and the two princesses were bidding each other farewell. Emmeline waved to Lauren through the carriage window. Once she disappeared from sight, Lauren made her way back into the house.
        “I’m going to miss having you around,” Emmeline’s grandmother lamented. “But your place is in the castle. You still have so much to do. With a kind-hearted girl like yourself there, I just know the people will be in good hands.”
        Lauren took Emmeline’s grandmother’s hands in her own. She held her gaze, smiling. “I promise I’ll work hard to take care of everyone.”




The End




        Back at Velmoor Castle, Lauren stood by the window in her bedroom. The night sky glittered beyond the glass, and she pressed one of her hands against the cool surface.
        She had left the book of magic at Emmeline’s grandmother’s house along with her mother’s dress. Neither of those objects needed to return to the castle. Velmoor was changing. It was no longer a kingdom of terror. It was a kingdom of peace in a time of prosperity.
        Just then, Lauren blinked as two shapes blotted out the stars for a moment. Birds? There was a soft thud and a burst of feathers as they collided right outside her window.
        Surprised, Lauren pulled the window open, using her magic to stop the two birds from falling out of the sky. Bringing them into her room, Lauren recognized one of them as Evander’s hawk. There was a letter attached to its leg, and Lauren smiled faintly. Her brother was writing to Alexis Fairchild again. Lauren turned her gaze to the second bird. It was smaller but also had a letter. Lauren recognized the seal of Eloria and turned the letter over to find the words, “To Princess Lauren,” written in Emmeline’s handwriting.
        Lauren checked Evander’s bird to make sure it was okay to fly before releasing it back into the night. Then after taking the letter from Emmeline’s bird, she let that one fly off as well before shutting the window. Opening the letter, a smile touched Lauren’s lips as she skimmed its contents.


        To my dearest Lauren,


        How have you been? I wanted to tell you the good news: Octavian and I are going to get married! This is an unofficial invite to our wedding, and I would absolutely love for you to be there. I’m keeping the letter short to not tire out that poor bird, but I hope to hear from you soon.


        Yours, 
Emmeline Estone


[a]capital?
[b]she would curtsy to Lucien too?  Did she do so the night before?  Or she just acknowledges Lucien and curtsy to her brother only
[c]But didn't she have afternoon lessons?  Majority of the morning reading
[d]Really, she would tell her everything?
[e]thought Arabella would have closed the door when she first entered
[f]Guess she changed out of her nightgown?
[g]Perhaps I need to go back and reread-is it that Evander is not pressuring her about marriage and being diplomatic?
[h]don't know if need to specify hair here
[i]Woudn't Lucian know the two of them know each other?
[j]I hoped she checked to make sure no one would see her inked hand from the balcony-such a public place
[k]She doesn't ask "who is it" before opening the door?
[l]I would think Lauren would know why she is giddy
[m]Again, not asking before opening?
[n]Didn't she have a robe or outer garment knowing it would be cool up outside ton the observation deck?
[o]Did she have gloves on, can she use magic with gloves on?
[p]Wouldn't someone else aside from Lucian go with her since he's Evander's right hand person?  I guess, he's the only one he can trust escorting his sister.