The Secret Beneath The Crystal Surface


    Prologue

      Dear Tilden, 

      First off, how are you doing? I hope you have been able to find some time to relax, even though I know you well enough to assume that you've probably signed up for all the summer classes you could fit in a day.
      It's been a while since I've written letters by hand. Don't laugh! Can't you tell that I've been working on my handwriting? Anyway, you don't have to worry about me. Ba and Ma don't have me grounded anymore, and I have plenty of free time to wander. They've given me my phone back, but I wanted to write this one final letter. So how do I put this? Some things are better said on paper. But of course I'm going to text this to you too anyway-I'll have long returned home by the time this letter will even get to you.
      I'm still angry at our parents for dragging me to Ba's business meeting in Hawaii without any input, but all that initial frustration has subsided now, because guess what? This is a summer I'll never forget! I've been spending all my time outside on the beaches, and you'll never believe who I met.
      I met a merman.

      I hope you'll visit us back in San Francisco soon. I want to tell you everything in person.
      Your sister, Ruby

      P.S.
      Singsing is a puppy, not a replacement sibling. Ba and Ma still love you.

      P.P.S
      Who is San???!!!

    Chapter 1
One Month Before

	"Ruby Zhang?"
	"Present!" Ruby waved her hand in the air as she shot up from her seat.
	"Alright, then." A little taken aback at the girl's enthusiasm, a slight frown flickered across the substitute teacher's face. "Your teacher says that all of you can use this period as a study hall. He hopes that you'll make good use of your time and quietly review whatever you want."
	Ruby sat back down and rummaged under the desk for her backpack.
	"Ruby," a voice whispered. "Do you have an extra pencil?" It was Grace, one of Ruby's best friends.
	Ruby turned to look at her table mate after plopping her AP Physics book down on the table and flipping it open. Colored sticky notes stuck out from the pages, each one covered in nearly illegible scrawl. "What happened to yours?" Ruby inquired in equal quiet as she passed a pencil to her friend. "You bring that sparkly pencil case of yours everywhere."
	Grace dropped her gaze. "I do, but Everett asked me again during first period if he could borrow a pencil."
	"Everett." Ruby folded her arms over her chest, and her expression was distasteful as she wrinkled her nose. "Grace, you can't just keep letting him take your stuff like that. Tell him that if he doesn't return your pencils, you won't lend them to him anymore."
	"He's just borrowing it-"
	"But has he ever returned any of them?"
	"Well, no. But-"
	"Tell him that he's nearly an adult, and it's his responsibility to take care of his own stuff. I know you don't like to argue with people, but you have to stand up for yourself. Otherwise this will just keep happening."
	"You're right." Grace let out a sigh as she swiveled around to rummage in her backpack for her own textbook. "Tomorrow when he asks again, I'll just tell him that I don't have any more pencils."
	Ruby grinned. "That's the spirit."
	"If only I could borrow your confidence," Grace lamented as she ran a hand through her poofy hair.
	"What's going on over here?" The two girls whirled around to find the substitute teacher looking down his nose at them. "No talking."
	"We're sorry," Grace quickly apologized as she looked at him guiltily.
	"Did you know there was going to be a sub today?" Ruby whispered once the substitute teacher walked out of earshot.
	Grace shook her head as she pulled her textbook toward her. She peeled off the sticky notes she had neatly placed on one of the pages to review her notes.
	Ruby shrugged as she pulled her own book toward her as well. "I guess it doesn't really matter. But we should let Tomas and your brother know anyway."
	"AP tests are less than a month away," Grace said hopelessly, tugging at her hair as if suddenly struck by the realization. "Can you see the bags under my eyes? There's not nearly enough house in a day to study!"
	Ruby placed a reassuring hand on her friend's shoulder. "You've got this. You're doing fine, remember? On the practice test, the only person who scored higher than you in our class period was me."
	"I thought I nicely asked you girls to be quiet." The substitute teacher was back.
	Grace winced and buried her nose in her book.
	Ruby tilted her head to the side, and her shoulder-length hair swished with the movement. "We're sorry. But we're not the only ones talking. What about all of those guys at the back of the classroom?"
	The substitute teacher's frown deepened, but he turned and shuffled away to scold the boys in the back.
	Grace slipped Ruby a lavender post-it. Tye still scored better than me on the practice test, the note read.
	Only by a handful of points, Ruby scribbled back before sticking it back on her friend's book.
	Grace just sighed as she got to work reviewing the pages. Ruby turned back to her own book, tapping her chin with the end of her pencil. AP tests were coming up soon, and the anticipation was starting to set everyone on edge. But testing wasn't the only thing coming up-there was just one final push until summer. Summer was right around the corner.
	It wasn't summer vacation that Ruby was looking forward to the most; it was the end-of-year variety show that took place on the last day of school, right after finals.
	The bell rang at long last, signaling the end of the period. After quickly packing their bags, Ruby and Grace hurried out of the physics classroom to join the throng of students hoping to beat the hallway rush.
	"Do you see my brother?" Grace had to raise her voice over the chatter that was rapidly filling the hallways.
	"There!" Ruby stood on her tiptoes as she pointed into the sea of faces.
	"Ruby, Grace," Tye said in a way of greeting as he came to a stop in front of them. He had successfully made his way through the ocean of students between them. Like his sister, Tye was thin with dark skin and a quiet voice. The two of them were twins, but even though Grace was the elder sibling, Tye was at least a head taller than his sister, which made him very easy to spot in a crowd.
	"There's a sub in physics," Ruby told him loudly as the three of them set off together down the hallway.
	"What?" Tye mouthed, cupping a hand to his ear in an attempt to hear over the voices echoing off the hallway walls.
	"There's a sub-" Ruby tried again, then sighed and shook her head. "You know what, I'll tell you later."
	It was lunch, and the three of them made their way up the stairs to the third floor. At this point, the students had cleared out of the halls in their hurry to claim all the good spots outside to eat. Grace stood on her tiptoes to peer out the windows at the end of the long hallway. "Fog, again. I had hoped that by lunch it would have cleared up."
	Tye leveled his sister a look. "Fog is every season."
	"I had been hoping this would be the year I'd get to wear all those cute summer dresses. Just wait until I'm in New York. I'll be sending you pictures of the blue skies every day!"
	"New York." Tye just shook his head.
	Grace latched onto her brother's arm. "Come on, Tye. You gotta dream big."
	The three of them came to a stop in front of a classroom door, and Ruby pushed it open. The girl standing in front of the projector immediately looked up. Her eyes lit up, and a smile bloomed on her face as she waved.
	"Mari!" Ruby hurried over to her other friend.
	"Ruby!" Mari beamed. Her bleached hair was styled in its signature twin braids, topped off with a bright pink beanie. "You guys are early today. But Tomas still beat you to it."
	Ruby looked over to where a boy with dark hair and a crisp button-down shirt was already sitting at the desk next to the window, silently watching their exchange. He quickly looked away when he noticed the two of them looking at him.
	"Have a seat." Mari motioned for Ruby and the others to join the dark-haired boy at the back of the classroom. "I'm almost done setting up for the presentation. Feel free to listen. Or not." A soft ding cut through the air. Mari pulled out her phone. As she checked her messages, Ruby, Grace, and Tye walked over to sit around Tomas.
	Ruby took a seat next to Tomas, and Grace and Tye pulled up chairs to sit opposite them. "There's a sub in physics. Just thought you guys might want to know."
	"Is there a lesson plan?" Tomas asked mildly.
	Ruby shook her head. "It's just a study hall."
	"I think the sub had it out for Ruby and me," Grace said as she lowered her voice. "We were talking very quietly at the start of class, and he scolded us while completely ignoring the boys playing on their phones in the back."
	Ding! Ruby's own phone vibrated in the pocket of her shorts. Ruby pulled out her phone to find that she had been sent an image. After tapping into the text window, Ruby squinted down at the picture. It was a piece of sheet music, and the notes flying all over the staff were getting progressively lighter until they were nearly illegible. I think I'll really need glasses after this, the follow-up message read.
	Ruby let out an amused laugh before typing back, I think you just need to buy some new ink for the printer.
	"What's that?" Tomas glanced over at Ruby's phone.
	"It's Tilden." Ruby passed the phone over. "I bet he's already done with his classes for the day."
	"Well of course he is," Grace said matter-of-factly. "He's in college. And he lives in New York."
	"Tilden?" Tye looked up from the textbook he had just set on the desk in front of him. "May I see?"
	Tomas passed the phone to Tye. Tye lifted his glasses as he peered down at the message. "What's your brother up to these days, Ruby?" he asked as he looked at the image.
	"I'm not too sure," Ruby said as she rummaged through her backpack for her lunch. "He sends me pictures like these every now and then, but I think he's pretty busy himself."
	"Tilden was a cool guy," Tye remarked as he passed Ruby's phone to Grace. "It's too bad he won't be able to see us play at the variety show."
	Tomas nodded in agreement. "Will he really not come back to visit?"
	Ruby sighed. "You know what happened between him and my parents. He chose music, and ever since he left, my parents like to pretend like he doesn't exist."
	"Still?" Grace asked sadly as she set the phone down in front of Ruby. "It's been what, almost two years now?"
	It was Tomas's turn to sigh. "We were only freshmen when Tilden was a senior. I'm glad we still keep in contact. Last year, he was a big help with my AP Music Theory class."
	Tye looked up at Tomas in respect. "That's right! You took that class as a sophomore."
	"Even though my teachers said I was ready for it, I should have waited at least another year before taking it," Tomas admitted. "I know you want to take AP Theory and Composition next year, but I was so stressed out on the day of the test that my classmates said I looked like a zombie."
	"But you ended up doing great," Grace pointed out. "I still don't get why you want to take AP Music Theory"-Grace turned to look up at her brother-"you'll have less time for all those stem APs you keep saying you want to take."
	"What can I say?" A faint smile played on Tye's face. "They're fascinating. And a good challenge. And I want to get some extra college credits."
	"Look"-Tomas gestured in the direction of the desks in front of them-"everyone's here now. Mari will start her presentation soon."
	"Hello everyone!" Mari called from the front of the classroom as if on cue. "Thank you for coming to my club meeting. Today, we're going to take a look at what our school's Title IX policy has to offer, where it's still lacking, and how we can bring these issues up with the administration."
	Once Mari finished her presentation and leading the discussion that came after, she sauntered over to join Ruby, Tomas, and the twins at the back of the classroom.
	"What did you think?" Mari asked breathlessly as she pulled up a seat next to Grace. "I spent all of last night finalizing my notes."
	Tomas smiled faintly. "I thought it was very good. You presented it in a way where the information was very interesting and easy to understand too. I bet all your club members will be telling their friends about it in their afternoon classes."
	Mari laughed. "I don't know about that. I'm glad you thought it was interesting, though." Then she turned to Ruby and the twins. "What about you guys? Any thoughts?"
	"I didn't catch all of it," Ruby admitted as she gestured to the stack of textbooks in front of her. "But from what I did see, your audience was very keen on what you had to say." Grace and Tye exchanged a guilty look as they nodded along.
	Mari smiled in an attempt to ease the awkwardness. "Don't worry about it. I know you're busy studying for your tests. Feel free to keep using the club room as a place to eat lunch-it's much nicer here than the cafeteria, after all. So, uh, I think I heard something about Tilden. Did he finally send a picture of San?"

~

      "I really can't run anymore," Mari panted as she clutched a stitch in her side.
      "You've got this," Ruby encouraged her friend as she jogged beside her.
      Mari quickened her pace to keep up with Ruby. "You didn't have to do this. You've already finished your mile. You could be resting on the grass with the rest of the class."
      Ruby smiled. "You're almost done. Just one more lap. Let's give it one last push and sprint to the finish line!"
      "Alright." Mari took after Ruby, and the two of them raced along the track. When they finished, Mari staggered and collapsed onto the grass in a daze.
      "You did it!" Ruby took a seat next to her friend as the class waited for the last couple of stragglers to arrive.
      "I did it," Mari repeated as she slowly sat up. Bits of grass stuck to her hair. "Some people are just naturally sporty, and others-like me-are not. You're the only reason why I'm not failing this class completely, Ruby."
      Ruby clapped her friend on the shoulder. "You're doing fine. We've got less than a month left, and then we don't have to do PE again."
      "We're so close"-Mari shook her head tiredly as she flopped back onto the grass-"and yet still so far . . . "
      The sound of a whistle cut through the air, signaling that everyone could make their way back to the locker rooms to change. It was the last class of the day, and Ruby was already anticipating the final bell. It was also a Thursday, which meant that Tomas would be meeting them at the front gate.
      "At least we don't have PE first period," Mari lamented as she followed Ruby into the locker room. "All my energy for the rest of the day would be completely spent."
      The bell finally rang, and all the students flooded toward the doors.
      "I've got homework in all my classes again," Ruby frowned as she rummaged through her backpack while they stood off to the side of the school's front gates. "Well, I guess PE doesn't count, but it sure took too much of my energy. Kind of want a nap, but I'll probably have to settle for coffee or tea instead."
      "Tomas has lots of tea at home," Mari said distractedly as she scanned the sea of faces. "You know how Isabelle practically runs on caffeine."
      "Ha!" Ruby pointed to the gate and waved vigorously. "There he is!"
      "Are we ready to go?" Tomas asked as he joined the two of them. "Tye has after-school labs today for another half hour, so he won't be leaving campus until after four-thirty."
      Ding! Mari reached for her phone, but Tomas suddenly pointed in the direction of the school gates. "Is that Grace?"
      "Grace?" Mari paused and stood on her tiptoes to look over the slowly thinning crowd. "But doesn't she always leave through the back entrance to go to her ballet class?"
      "Ruby," Grace said breathlessly as she skidded to a stop in front of them. "Here, I forgot to return your pencil."
      Ruby blinked. "Don't you have to go to dance class? I have more pencils at home. You could have just returned it to me tonight."
      "Oh, right! All these classes are driving me crazy, I swear. I-I'll see you guys tonight!" Ruby looked on as Grace turned on her heel and took off around the block.
      "The stress is really getting to all of us." Mari sighed as the three of them began to make their way in the opposite direction. "I don't know how all of you do it. "I'm only taking two APs this year, and I'm already overwhelmed. The rest of you are taking what, four, five?"
      As they made their way to Tomas's house, the three of them made a stop at Ruby's house for her to quickly run in and retrieve her guitar. The moment Ruby opened the door, a white ball of fur zoomed over to greet her.
      "Singsing, I can't play right now." Ruby knelt down to give the puppy's head a quick pat before taking off up the stairs to her room.
      When she returned with her guitar case in hand, Ruby found the puppy sitting next to the door. Mari and Tomas had both crouched down as they took turns stroking Singsing's curly fur. Singsing let out a whine as the two of them rose to their feet.
      "Be good." Ruby knelt back down one final time to take the puppy's face in between her hands. She looked Singsing in the eyes. "Your big sister will be back later." After carefully shutting the door, Ruby and the others continued on their way to Tomas's house. The sidewalk slowly began to slant upward as they started to climb the hill.
      Even though Tomas and Ruby only lived a couple of blocks away from each other, the first time Ruby met Tomas was during their freshman year of high school. The two of them had coincidentally shared a lot of the same classes that year and quickly bonded over their shared love of music. On the other hand, Ruby had befriended Grace and Tye in middle school. The three of them had indulged in a friendly competition to see who could be the best student in the grade, which led everyone else to dub them crazy nerds. But their classmates respected them all the same. And Mari . . . Mari was Ruby's old friend from elementary school.
      "Here we are." Tomas knocked on the door to his house, and it was opened a moment later by a woman in her late forties.
      "Welcome," the woman said warmly, stepping aside to let the three of them cross the threshold.
      "Mama." Tomas smiled in a way of greeting as his mother ruffled his hair.
      "Hi, Ms. Quevedo," Mari said brightly.
      "How's everything going recently?" Ruby asked as Ms. Quevedo shut the door behind her.
      Ms. Quevedo offered Ruby a smile. "Not terrible. But not great either. Are you two staying for dinner tonight? I do enjoy cooking for all of you."
      "If you don't mind," Tomas said, looking over at his mom as he started walking to the kitchen to wash his hands. "And if you two don't mind staying," he added with a nod in Ruby and Mari's direction.
      "The twins will be here later too, I assume?" Ms. Quevedo asked as she followed her son into the kitchen.
      "Yeah!" Mari nodded enthusiastically as she and Ruby trailed after them to take their turn at the sink. "Tye should show up in half an hour or so, and you know how Grace gets here after seven because of ballet."
      When they finished washing their hands, the three of them left Ms. Quevedo in the living room and made their way down the short hallway to Tomas's bedroom.
      "Yo, Ruby, Mari," a dark-haired figure called out from one of the doors they passed on the way.
      "Hi, Isabelle." Mari gave a friendly wave as a young woman appeared in the doorway.
      "How was school today for you kids?" Isabelle asked, and her long hair tumbled all the way to her hips as she leaned against the doorframe. She held her wireless headphones in one hand and a still-steaming mug in the other. Whenever Ruby came to Tomas's house, Isabelle was always in her room. Ruby had once managed to peek inside, but she hadn't been able to see much of anything. Tomas's sister always kept the curtains drawn over the windows, and the only light inside was the dull blue glow of her computer screen. Isabelle was an art student and in the middle of doing her college courses online.
      "School's fine." Ruby looked back at her. "But 'kids,' really? You're only three years older than us."
      "Which makes me an adult." Isabelle's eyes twinkled as she smiled.
      Once inside Tomas's room, the three of them took a seat on the floor and set their backpacks down to rummage around for their homework. Studying together was the usual routine until Grace got back from ballet.
      They didn't have to wait long before Tye arrived at the house and joined them in Tomas's room. "Long time no see," Tye said jokingly.
      Mari hopped over to him. "You arrived just in time. Could you help me with our history homework?"
      "Sure." Tye took a seat on the carpeted floor and set his own backpack down.
      The wall of the neighboring house outside the window was beginning to fade as the sun slowly but steadily dropped from the sky. And as the light continued to fall, Tomas stood up to turn on the lights.
      Ruby set her books down for a moment and clasped her arms behind her back to roll out her stiff neck. She paused as she looked up at all the posters that covered the walls of Tomas's room. The faces of famous musicians stared back at her, and all of them held their musical instruments proudly.
      Of all of Ruby's friends, Tomas was the most serious about music. He played multiple instruments and was currently in both the school's zero-period orchestra as a cellist and the after-school jazz band as a saxophonist. And in their own little band, Tomas was their keyboardist and was teaching Tye how to play the bass guitar.
      There were multiple after-school jazz ensembles, and Tomas was part of the most advanced one. It met on Mondays and Wednesdays, so on those days, Ruby would head home by herself. On the other days of the week, the five of them would go to Tomas's house to practice their own song. This song was the one they were going to debut at the school's end of year variety show, which took place on the final Friday of the year.
      When six o'clock rolled around, Tomas's mother called them out for dinner. "Eat as much as you want," Ms. Quevedo said warmly. She tugged her gray-streaked hair out of its bun as she joined them at the table. "It's fun having you kids here. It makes me feel young again."
      "What are you talking about?" Ruby laughed. "You're not even close to old, Ms. Quevedo."
      Tye took a seat next to Ruby. "I hope you don't mind if I join you all at the table. Grace and I will be eating dinner at home with my parents tonight once they get back from work."
      "No worries, dear." Ms. Quevedo began dishing out food onto Ruby, Mari, and Tomas's plates. "I made extra vegetables just in case, but now there's more for the rest of us."
      Halfway through their meal, the jingling of keys sounded from outside, and the door opened a moment later to reveal a woman in an office suit.
      Tomas looked up from his food. "Mami's back."
      "Hi, Ms. Fernandez." Mari waved.
      "Hi, everyone. I had to work overtime again tonight." Ms. Fernandez shook her head as she tugged off her high heels. She winced at the angry red skin showing through her tights. "If I wasn't in a possession where I could get promoted any day now, I'd start looking for other jobs."
      Tomas slid his chair over to make room for Ms. Fernandez at the already cramped table. "You don't have to keep working there. None of us will blame you if you quit. You should report your boss. I think people would listen."
      "Don't worry," Ms. Fernandez said tiredly. "It's not like that. He didn't do anything to me today."
      "Even if he didn't do anything to you today," Mari spoke up worriedly, "that doesn't mean he didn't do anything to you all those other times! And who can say what will happen tomorrow?"
      "I'm about to get promoted." Ms. Fernandez closed her eyes for a brief moment as she pinched the bridge of her nose as if to ward off a headache. "I can't leave now."
      Ms. Quevedo frowned. "Your boss has been saying that he's about to promote you for the last few months now. Everyone else who's been working at that company has already been promoted. He just has it out for you."
      Ms. Fernandez just sighed again as she reached for the plate of vegetables.
      There was a knock on the door, and everyone looked up. Tomas rose to his feet and quickly pulled it open. Grace stood in the doorway, her hair still pulled back in a neat bun. "Hi!" she said in an excited whisper.
      "Grace!" Ruby jumped to her feet and beckoned her friend inside.
      "We just finished eating," Mari informed her. "Ready to work on our song?"
      "We'll meet you downstairs." Tomas returned to the table to pick up his plate. Ruby and Mari followed his lead and placed their own plates in the kitchen sink. Tomas turned to the two of them. "Don't worry-I can wash the dishes after you leave."
      Leaving the small kitchen, Tye joined them in the living room and handed Ruby her guitar case. Tomas pushed open the door to the basement and stood aside to let the rest of them through. Grace was already sitting behind the drum set, and Ruby got to work taking her guitar out of its case as Tomas took his place behind the keyboard. Mari picked up the guitar already patiently waiting on its stand on the far side of the room, and Tye picked up the bass guitar next to it.
      "I just finalized the harmonies." Tomas passed a piece of sheet music to Ruby. "Here's your copy. I hope they will do your lyrics justice."
      Ruby scanned the page and nodded her head.
      "Shall we try it, then?" Tye smiled, and the sound of his guitar being plugged into its amp popped in the soundproofed room.
      "We all ready?" Grace asked from the drum set. When everyone nodded, Grace raised her drumsticks. "Five, six, seven, eight!"
      
~

	"You didn't have to walk me back." Ruby looked over at Tomas as they made their way back to the base of the small hill where her house was located.
	"Isabelle would think poorly of me if I didn't," Tomas said knowingly. His quiet voice seemed louder than usual in the stillness of the night. Light spilled out of the windows they passed and illuminated their figures in a warm glow. "I worry about Mari, though. Grace and Tye get off the bus a few stops before her. She's always walking back alone in the dark."
	Ruby blinked. "Doesn't her dad pick her up from the bus stop and drive her home?"
	"No." A faint frown crossed Tomas's face. "Mari's your best friend, isn't she? I thought you would know. But anyway, after what happened to my sister all those years ago, it's better not to go anywhere alone."
	Ruby fell silent. When Isabelle was still in high school, she was walking home one night after a club meeting when two men jumped her just a block away from home. They had stolen her backpack and even ripped off the plastic jewelry she was wearing that day. Isabelle had been completely shaken by the experience, and ever since that day, Ruby had never seen her wear any sort of jewelry again.
	Ruby turned to look at Tomas as the two of them stopped in front of the door to her house. "I'll see you tomorrow, then."
	Tomas raised a hand in farewell. Ruby set her guitar case down to rummage through her backpack for her keys. After pushing the door open, Ruby stepped inside and gave one final wave to Tomas.
	"Ruby," a voice called from the dining room. Ruby froze and turned to find her parents sitting at the table. The two of them seemed to have just finished their dinner. Her dad was rarely at home, so to find him here tonight was a surprise.
	"Ba, Ma." Ruby slid off her flip-flops and set her guitar case on the floor next to the door before walking over to greet them.
	"Each night you're getting home later and later." Ruby's mom looked up at her daughter. "Are you sure you're studying? Are they feeding you well there?"
	"Yes, Ma." Ruby sighed as she slid into one of the empty seats across from her parents. There were four chairs at their rectangular table, and the one next to Ruby had remained unoccupied ever since her brother left.
	"Your other friends were there too, is that right?" Ruby's dad looked over at her, and a crease formed between his brows. "I don't know how to feel about you staying so late at a boy's house all by yourself."
	"Tomas?" Ruby leaned back in her chair and folded her arms across her chest. "He's my friend."
	"Right. Friend." Ruby's dad continued to frown, unconvinced. Then his eyes fell on the guitar case still lying next to the front door.
	"I have more studying to do." Ruby quickly rose from her seat. "I'll go head up to my room."
	Ruby slipped out of the dining room and quietly entered the living room to find Singsing asleep on the couch. The puppy was a furry white ball of warmth. Ruby let out a soft sigh as she retrieved her guitar case and walked it up the stairs to her room.
      When she reached the landing, she paused momentarily next to the closed door that was her brother's room. Even though she hadn't been inside since her brother left, she had secretly seen her mom go in a number of times. When Ruby occasionally peeked inside, the room was always tidy and dust-free.
      Ruby continued on her way to her own room and kicked the door open with a foot. The room was dark, and the light streaming in from the window was the only source of light. Ruby stood there in the darkness for a long moment.
	Even though they didn't say it, her parents weren't thrilled about her musical hobbies. When she was younger, they had paid for both her and her brother's music lessons. But ever since Tilden declared that he wanted to pursue a career in music . . . There was no saying when Tilden would come back-if he would ever come back.
	After changing out of her jean shorts and t-shirt, Ruby made quick work of pulling on her pajamas before crawling into bed. There was a lot to think about right now. AP tests were coming up. The end of the year was also coming up. But most importantly, the auditions for the variety show were coming up the following Monday, and Ruby couldn't wait. It was going to be the first time she and her friends would get to play together on an actual stage.
	Ruby rolled over in her bed and hugged one of her stuffed animals to her chest. She smiled into its fur. Then coughing from the dust that had settled into the fibers, Ruby rolled back around to set her alarm clock.
	Sometime in the middle of the night, Ruby was woken by the sound of footsteps climbing the stairs. The footsteps made their way down the hall and hesitated outside her room for a moment. Ruby cracked an eye open to watch her dad quietly walk over the window at the back of her room and draw the blinds over it.
	When her dad left the room, Ruby found a faint smile playing on her lips. And then snuggling under the covers, Ruby let sleep wash over her once again.

    Chapter 1.5

SYSTEM: MariMariMari!! is now online.

Tomas Quevedo: Hi Mari. Can't sleep?

MariMariMari!!: No

MariMariMari!!: Well... yes. Maybe??

MariMariMari!!: Hi Tomas.

Tomas Quevedo: Are you sleeping with your phone on the nightstand next to you again?

MariMariMari!!: Yeah... probably not my best idea. Tomorrow I'll lock it away downstairs!

MariMariMari!!: Oh, what are you doing up so late, by the way?

Tomas Quevedo: I was suddenly struck with inspiration for a new song, and I had to quickly go and note it down. You should try and get some sleep.

MariMariMari!!: I know I should probably try and go back to sleep, but I think I'm just better off staying up the whole night now. I'm not sure if I can go back to sleep now.

Tomas Quevedo: Is everything alright?

MariMariMari!!: Of course!

MariMariMari!!: Thanks for thinking about me. Really. But I'm fine.

Tomas Quevedo: Are you sure?

MariMariMari!!: I don't know. I'm sorry, Tomas. I'm too tired to think straight. I didn't mean to make you worry. I'm fine, really :)

Tomas Quevedo: ...

MariMariMari!!: Let's just try and get some sleep. Goodnight!

Tomas Quevedo: Goodnight

    Chapter 2

	Grace sat in class with her hands clasped together under the desk. She could feel the gaze of the boy sitting next to her, but she stared straight ahead, keeping her eyes glued to her teacher standing at the front of the classroom.
	"Grace." Everett leaned forward. "Grace."
	Grace instinctively flinched and leaned away.
	"Why are you ignoring me, Grace?" Everett was so close now that Grace could feel his breath on the side of her face. "I need a pencil today too."
	"I don't have pencils anymore," Grace said as she stiffened. "You took the last of my extra ones, and unless you return them, I don't have any more to give out. Please, I'm trying to listen to Ms. Bryn."
	"What about the one you're using right now?"
	"What-? This one is mine!"
	"Grace, Everett." Ms. Bryn frowned as she paused her lecture. "What's going on? Is there a problem?"
	Grace fell silent, and her mind whirled as she debated what she should say. But before she could think of anything, Everett pointed an accusing finger at her. "I only wanted to borrow a pencil, but she won't give me one!"
	"I've already told you," Grace said, her voice a breathy whisper, "I don't have any spares!"
	"You could have just asked me, you know," Ms. Bryn said in exasperation. "Here, Everett. I hope the two of you can keep the talking to a minimum as I finish this lesson."
	Grace nodded her head as she clenched her hands together. She closed her eyes for a brief moment to center herself. She lacked confidence, as she was told time and time again by her brother. Ruby had told her too that she needed to stand up for herself. But when it came to arguing with people, Grace always felt as if she was too soft-spoken to get her point across.
	She was a dancer. A ballerina. Dancers didn't need to use words to express themselves. But here at school, she wasn't a dancer. Instead she was a fish out of water. But even at the dance studio . . . The studio was a place she had spent so many years of her life. It was perfect. And that was why she kept returning to it. If only she could muster the confidence to ask her teacher if, just once, she could dance one of the bigger roles. Grace was sure she could fill the role if given the chance. But so far, that chance was not something she had been offered yet.
	Grace knew that she would have to ask for it herself. Maybe her teacher would say yes and allow Grace to audition. Or maybe she would say no and say that Grace wasn't ready. Or maybe she'd just laugh and ask why Grace even wanted it in the first place-say that she was asking for too much.
	All of those reactions had happened in the past, and after the latter, Grace wasn't sure if she even could convey her wishes to her teacher again. Tye repeatedly told Grace that while ballet itself wasn't hurting her, her teachers were messing with her head. But each time, Grace vigorously shook her head. She had to keep dancing. It was what she loved most of all . . . right? After high school, she would go to New York to study dance and become a professional dancer. That had been her dream ever since she was a little girl.
	Grace sighed softly as she copied down the important points her teacher had drawn a box around on the whiteboard. When it came to talking to people outside her friend group, she never knew what she should say and how they would react. For a period of time, Tye had the same issue when it came to speaking, but recently he had gotten quite good at reading people's faces and body language. Grace, on the other hand, would rather stare at her own feet instead of looking up long enough to meet someone's eye.
	On stage, though, she was different. On stage, she didn't have to be Grace anymore. On stage, she was able to melt into the characters she was portraying and lose herself in the dancing.
	The bell rang, drawing Grace back to reality as she quickly packed away her books and binders. She hurried out of the classroom in the hopes that she could beat the hallway rush.
	"Hey!" a voice called from behind her. Grace's head snapped up as she looked over her shoulder to see Everett walking toward her.
	Grace quickened her pace and scurried away from him. Oh no, what does he want now?
	After ducking into the crowd of students spilling out of the doors lining the hallway, Grace let the crowd carry her to her next class. Everett was quickly lost in the waves.

~

	"What's wrong?" Ruby asked as Grace took a seat next to her in their physics class. Her friend could instantly sense that something was off. "Did Everett bother you again?"
	"Not really." Grace shook her head tiredly as she set her textbooks down on the desk. "He made us attract the teacher's attention, that's all."
	"Isn't that a good thing? That way you can tell the teacher what the situation is."
	Grace shook her head again.
	"I can go find Everett for you," Ruby offered. "I can tell him off."
	Grace gave Ruby a weak smile. "I appreciate the offer, but let's not give him any more reasons to cause me trouble."
	The class period seemed to drag by and fly past all at the same time. Before Grace knew it, the lunch bell rang, and the two of them were filing into the hallway to meet up with Tye.
	"I've been meaning to ask for a while," was the first thing Tye said when he reached them in the middle of the crowded hallway, "Ruby, how do you survive wearing flip-flops all day? I've never seen you in any other kind of shoes. I decided to wear flip-flops to school for the first time today, and I already need two hands to count the number of times my feet have been stepped on."
	"It's an art form," Ruby said knowingly. "What made you decide to wear flip-flops?"
	"There's supposed to be clear skies later today," Tye informed them as they made their way toward Mari's clubroom. "We'll find out soon whether the weather forecast was right or not."
	The three of them arrived at Mari's clubroom and joined Tomas at the back of the room.
	"I saw your exchange with Mari on the group chat yesterday." Tye lowered his voice. "Do you think everything is alright with Mari?"
	Tomas's brows were furrowed. "She claimed that everything was fine, but something tells me otherwise. I'm planning to ask her again once she finishes with her group discussion today."
	"Did something happen to Mari?" Grace blinked as she pulled out her own phone. She had disabled notifications for the sake of getting a good night's sleep and hadn't checked her messages yet.
	Ruby pulled her phone out as well and was now scrolling through the previous night's conversation. "It looks like Mari's stressed out again."
	"Is someone talking about me?" Mari joined them at the back of the classroom. She placed her hands on the back of Ruby's chair to lean over and look at her friends in turn.
	Ruby twisted around to look up at her friend. "Is everything alright, Mari?"
	"What?" Mari blinked before she broke out into a smile. "Of course!"
	"See?" Ruby turned to Tomas with a smile. "You don't have to worry."
	"Are you guys going to join the discussion today?" Mari asked as she twirled one of her bleached braids between her fingers.
	"Sorry, Mari," Grace said regretfully. "I've still got homework to finish."
	"No worries," Mari reassured her. "What about the rest of you?"
	Tomas rose from his seat. "I can join."
	Mari clapped her hands together. "Sweet!"
	Ruby sighed. "I've got work."
	"Me too." Tye offered Mari an apologetic smile.
	Mari smiled. "No worries. I'll leave you to your work, then." She turned and made her way back to the front of the classroom with Tomas.
	"Look!" Grace jumped to her feet and excitedly hurried over to the window. The fog had begun to clear, and the blue of the sky was showing through the gray.
	"Yes!" Ruby cheered as she joined Grace at the window. "I knew that if I kept wearing shorts and flip-flops, the sky would eventually show up!"
	"I don't know how you do it," Tye said, and Grace turned to find him shaking his head. "Even in the winter, you're still in shorts."
      Grace laughed. "Ruby's immune to the cold."
      Tye leveled his sister a look. "You're always wearing those summer dresses of yours all year round."
      Grace looked down at her lavender dress. "They're easy to change out of. And they're cute."
      Ruby turned away from the window. "Let's hope the sun stays out long enough that we can see it again when school lets out. Oh," she added as an afterthought, "whose name did we sign up for the audition under? Was it yours or Tye's?"
      "It was mine," Tye answered. "They're going alphabetically by last name, so we'll be toward the beginning."
      "It must be nice to have a last name starting with B," Ruby lamented as she flipped open her textbook. "I'm always last if we go by last name, and still almost at the end if we go by first name."
      Grace smiled faintly. "It makes you special." Ruby was special. Grace wasn't sure what she would have done if she hadn't met Ruby in middle school. While Tye had always been there, for the longest time, he was just as introverted as Grace was. It was only in the most recent years that Tye had forced himself out of his comfort zone. During their freshman year, he signed up for the school's debate team and had become a lot better at speaking.
      This group was kept together by Ruby and had been brought together by Ruby. Grace, Tye, Tomas, and Mari were all introverts drawn to and now hovering around Ruby like moths to a glowing lamp.
      The audition was coming up on Monday, and Grace was beginning to feel that pre-performance giddiness. At the end of the school day, Grace was out the door as soon as the final bell sounded. Her ballet studio was a twenty-minute walk away from the high school, and if she didn't dawdle, she'd have a good ten minutes to change into her leotard, tights, and stretch before pulling on her pointe shoes. This would be Grace's fifth year on pointe.
      Ever since she had started ballet, she had envied the girls who got to twirl on the tips of their toes. They were effortless and beautiful like swans and fairies. Once she had gotten older herself, that illusion had been quickly broken when she bought her first pair of pointe shoes.
      Even though Grace didn't mind the discomfort as much as when she first started, the blisters and sores that came with the shoes were always present. Grace had gone through her fair share of broken nails as well, and nothing anyone could say would convince her to wear open-toed shoes in public.
      Grace reached the dance studio and paused outside the doors to look at the sky reflected in the tinted glass. Then after taking a deep breath, Grace pushed the door open. She made quick work of signing in before walking briskly to the dressing room in the back.
      "Grace!" Her classmates were already in the dressing room, and they looked up as she walked in.
      "Hi." Grace offered them a small smile before setting her bag down in the corner of the room. After sliding off her shoes, she pulled her tights on under her summer dress. The dress acted as a makeshift curtain and offered her a small amount of privacy.
      She pulled on her leotard and finally stepped out of her dress. Grace moved to the mirrors next. She brushed her poofy hair back and shaped it into a neat bun. After sticking in a number of bun pins and finishing it off with her hairnet, Grace joined her classmates on the floor as they taped their toes in preparation for class.
      "How was school today?" Grace asked her classmates in the hope to make small talk.
      "I'm sorry?" One of them blinked as she looked over at Grace. "Did you say something?"
      "How was school?" Grace asked again, but she could feel her confidence dwindling.
      "Fine." The girl offered Grace a polite smile before turning back to her shoes.
      Grace let out a soft sigh. Maybe today would be the day when she would ask her instructor about auditioning for a leading role in their next production.
      When the clock struck four-thirty, Grace and the others made their way into the studio and took their respective places at the bars that lined the room. They didn't have to wait long before their instructor stepped into the room.
      "Good afternoon." Ms. Beaufort looked at each of her students in turn. "You know the routine."
      That familiar music sounded through the room and Grace let her muscle memory guide her through the movements she had done hundreds of times before.
      
~

	When the class ended, the sun had dropped from the sky outside. The city lights replaced it as they blazed against the dark, forever keeping the night and stars at bay. Grace found herself lingering outside the door to the studio. She paced back and forth. Once, twice, three times. But her nerves got the best of her, and she scurried into the dressing room. So much for asking Ms. Beaufort about auditions.
	After Grace changed back into her dress, she left the building and glanced down at her phone. The screen flickered to life, and the light spilled over her as she squinted at the time. One of her classmates stepped outside to join her a few minutes later. The two of them went in the same direction and normally ended up walking together in silence.
      Walking to Tomas's house from the dance studio took a little over thirty minutes, and Grace picked up her pace. She was already tired from dancing, but she was excited to work on their song. Grace hurried along the streets brightly illuminated by the rows of streetlights. Her classmate was absorbed in her own phone, and the light from the screen gave her eyes a glazed appearance. When she finally reached Tomas's house, Grace waved goodbye to her classmate and quickly hurried up to the door.
	"Grace!" Ruby pulled it open seconds after Grace knocked on the wood.
	"Ruby!" Grace said excitedly.
	Ruby grinned as she motioned for Grace to follow her. "Now that you're here, we can start on our song! I don't know about the rest of you, but since it's a Friday, I can stay longer tonight."
	"I can stay longer too." Mari looked up from where she was scrolling through her phone on the living room couch. "My dad says he can pick me up directly from here as well."
	"Hey." Tye walked up to Grace and extended his fist to her. Grace met it with her own as her brother offered her a smile.
	In the basement, Grace took a seat behind the drum set as her friends got to work setting up their instruments. Grace absently ran her hand over the smooth wood of the drumsticks. She had been in middle school when she started learning how to play the drums. When she mentioned to people that she played the drums, their reactions would always be that of surprise. Grace understood where they were coming from-Tye had told her many times before that she came off as shy to people. Being loud or taking center stage just wasn't something they could imagine her doing. But that was just because they didn't know her.
	Drum lessons had been very fun, and Grace took them all through middle school. But once she had gotten to high school, ballet once again had become more demanding with its hours. Drum lessons weren't the only thing Grace had given up in the past. She had also given up her position on her middle school's soccer team. Dance was her life. She needed to stay devoted to it. Only in that way could she become the professional dancer she had always dreamed to be.
	She let out a breath. Summer would be here soon. There was just one final push left until summer. She could do this.
	"Ready?" Ruby turned to look over her shoulder from where she was standing at the front of their setup. The music started, and Ruby's voice filled the room. Mari's followed next in perfect harmony. When the song ended, Ruby walked around to each of them and gave them a high five. "We're ready for the audition on Monday," Ruby declared confidently. "Do we just want to run it again?"
	"Sure." Tomas nodded from his keyboard. "If we want an audience, we could try and drag my sister out of her room."
	Ruby laughed. "Let's let Isabelle study in peace. If anything, we could ask your moms instead."
	Before Grace knew it, it was already nine o'clock, and the five of them returned to Tomas's bedroom to wait for Mari's dad to arrive.
	"Watch your back!" Mari called. She was staring intently at the screen of her laptop, and her fingers flew over the keys. "The boss teleported again!"
	"I see it now!" Tomas called back. "I'll use a freezing spell to try and keep it in place."
	"You should use a wind and fire combo." Ruby leaned over as she watched Tomas's screen. Grace and Tye were sitting on either side of Mari. "That should temporarily slow its movements."
	"Yeah." Mari nodded along as her eyes narrowed in concentration. "Once it's slowed, I can trap it in the magic wind net."
	"You should join us sometime, Ruby," Tomas said without taking his eyes off his screen. "You and Mari both used to be pretty well known on the server."
	Ruby laughed. "That was years ago."
	"But you still know the strategies."
	"And the boss is down!" Mari cheered. "You can pick up the gear and crystals it drops. We can sell them later at the marketplace for a good price."
	Suddenly, the sound of the doorbell ringing floated into the room from down the hall. Mari quickly shut her laptop and tucked it back into her backpack. Now that it was time for Mari to go, Grace and Tomas would head out as well to catch their bus.
	Tomas shut his own laptop. "I can sell them at the marketplace later. Try and get some sleep tonight."
	After Grace and Tye collected their belongings, they walked with Ruby, Mari, and Tomas to the front door. Mari gave one final wave before she hurried outside to follow her dad to his car. Grace and Tye said their goodbyes to Ruby and Tomas before they started their trek up the hill to the bus stop. Ruby and Tomas went in the opposite direction.
	Tye glanced up at the sky. "Looks like the fog's back."
	When they reached the bus stop, Grace took a seat on the bench and pulled one of her binders from her backpack.
	Tye looked over at her. "If you need help, just let me know and I can see what I can do."
	Grace nodded as she turned back to her work. Out of the corner of her vision, the glow of a phone screen flickered to life as Tye scrolled through unread messages. Ten minutes later, the bus arrived. It was almost completely empty when Grace and Tye climbed into it, and the two of them walked to the middle of the bus before taking their seats.
	As the buildings outside the windows became a blur of light, Grace continued to work on her homework. "Do you know what's for dinner?" she asked after a while, finally looking up to give her straining eyes a break.
	"Dad and Mom said that they were going to get takeout for us tonight from some vegan place close to campus," Tye informed her. Grace nodded her head. Their parents were both professors at the university on the other side of the bay. In fact, they had first met on campus as new teachers and were still teaching there to this day.
	It was ten o'clock when the two of them finally arrived at their apartment. Their parents still weren't home, and Grace flopped onto the couch to do more of her homework while Tye set the table.
	"Having trouble?" Tye looked over at Grace and took note of the grimace on her face.
	"No." Grace exhaled through her nose. "This is just busy work. Why do they give us so much homework anyway?"
	"They want us to suffer, obviously."
	"Of course, of course. I forgot about that part."
	There was the sound of jingling keys from outside the apartment door. The twin's parents stepped inside, and the light from the hallway outlined their figures in a soft glow.
	"You're back!" Grace exclaimed excitedly. She set her homework down and rushed over to greet her parents.
	"How was school?" Grace's mom asked as she embraced her daughter. "How was the music at Tomas's house?"
	"We're auditioning next Monday," Grace explained as she followed her mom into the kitchen. She waited for her to wash her hands before continuing. "The auditions are during lunch, so they won't conflict with dance."
	"How's dance going?" Grace's dad placed a plastic bag on the kitchen counter, opened it, and took out a series of to-go boxes.
	"Dance is going fine," Grace said distractedly as her stomach let out a rumble at the food. It had been many hours since she had last eaten something.
	"Let's take these to the table." Tye joined them in the kitchen. Nodding, Grace helped her brother move the boxes to the table. When they finished, they took a seat around the table with their parents, and the city lights glowed outside their window as they ate.

~

	Grace held her breath as she entered her first-period classroom and she tiptoed over to her seat. She quietly sat down with one eye on the empty seat next to her and the other on the door. Was it too much to hope that Everett wouldn't show up today?
	When the bell rang, signaling the start of class, there was still no sign of Everett. Grace exhaled and set her textbooks on the table in front of her. She still had the audition for the variety show later with the rest of her friends. Maybe this was a sign of good luck-a sign of a lucky day.
	Lunch finally rolled around. After meeting up with Tye in the hallway, instead of making their way to the club room, they made their way to the school's auditorium. Ruby had brought her own guitar for the occasion and carefully held her case in an attempt to keep it from hitting the people walking next to them in the hallway. When Tye signed them up, he had made sure to request a set of drums and a keyboard from the school's band room. Tomas was going to bring the bass guitar to the school.
      Tomas and Mari were already waiting for them in the seats in front of the stage, and the latter waved them over the moment they walked through the doors.
      "How are we feeling right now?" Ruby asked as she took her guitar out of her case to check if her strings were still in tune.
      "Nervous." Mari tugged on one of her twin braids. "But also excited."
      Grace nodded in agreement.
      "Turns out we're going to be the second group on stage today," Tomas informed them. "The first group is going to be a dance number."
      The five of them sat down in the chairs in front of the stage. The other students waiting for their turns slowly filled in the rest of the front row and then scattered through the rows behind them. The teachers who were going to act as the judges filed into the auditorium shortly after, and then the auditions started.
      When the group of freshman girls going before them finished their dance to a popular Korean song, Grace applauded them with the rest of the small crowd. And once they exited the stage, Ruby rose to her feet and led Grace and the others up the steps.
      The drumset was already on the stage, and Grace took her place behind it as her friends set up their instruments. Looking out at the faces of her classmates sitting in the audience, Grace could feel that giddy excitement that came along with the thrill of performing. Even if their audience was small, this was going to be their first time playing on an actual stage together.
      "Ready?" Ruby looked over her shoulder from where she stood in the middle of the stage.
      Grace nodded as she looked from Tomas, to Mari, to Tye, and the three of them nodded as well. Grace took a deep breath as she smiled out at the audience. "Five, six, seven, eight!"
    


    Chapter 2.5

~graceful~: So Tye and I went to the market after ballet class today to get groceries for our parents, and guess what the woman at the cashier said to us?

Ru?y Z: What did she say?

~graceful~: She said we were such a cute couple.

MariMariMari!!: Uhhhhhhhhhhhh

~graceful~: That was my reaction exactly! Do Tye and I really look that different?

tyedyemaster_2000: Grace and I are practically spitting images of each other. Surprised she couldn't tell. Maybe she was missing her glasses today.

Tomas Quevedo: You guys are similar... but not that similar.

~graceful~: Similar enough that you can tell that we're siblings though.

Ru?y Z: Changing the topic, apparently there's a new vegan sushi place that opened near downtown. From the reviews so far, I think you and Tye might find it worth checking out.

tyedyemaster_2000: Ooooooooooo

~graceful~: Ooooooooooooooooooo

Tomas Quevedo: What are the two of you doing on different devices? Aren't you in the same room?

tyedyemaster_2000: Yeah, Grace and I are sitting next to each other right now.

MariMariMari!!: Hahaha you guys are too funny! By the way, Tye, where did the 2000 in your username come from? You weren't born in the year 2000. Why not 2010 or 2020?

tyedyemaster_2000: Uhhhhhh that's not important. There's really no reason or meaning behind it.

Ru?y Z: Is 2000 your password? Ha! Don't worry, I won't tell anyone!

tyedyemaster_2000: Heyyyyy let's talk about something else, yes?

    Chapter 3

	Tye leaned back in his chair. He lifted his head to look out the line of windows next to his desk. The fog in the air outside was as prominent as ever. After taking off his glasses, Tye rubbed his eyes. Some things in life were just as predictable as the fog. His tiredness, for example, and how it never went away, as well as the fact that he couldn't rely on caffeine to keep it at bay.
	Tye put his glasses back on, then turned back to the textbook in front of him. He squinted down at the text and frowned as the words blurred. Tye blinked, once, twice. The words cleared up and melted back into a series of now legible letters.
	Turning his gaze to the page of notes he had been taking, Tye absently looked at his handwriting. The words were starting to blur together too.
	When the bell finally rang, Tye packed up his books and let the flood of students spilling into the hallway carry him to his next class. Tye frowned as the faces of the students in front of him blurred in and out of focus. He couldn't go on like this. But school had taken over his life yet again.
	It had finally struck Tye a matter of months ago that he had almost no interests outside of school itself. He had no hobbies-nothing to do for himself. Grace had dance, but Tye? The only time he wasn't focused on schoolwork was when he got to play the bass guitar for a good forty-five minutes. Playing the bass guitar was the one thing he really looked forward to. It was something different-a splash of vibrant color to the rest of his monochrome life. Each day was classes and deadlines, homework and stress. The same old routine.
	School was something Tye excelled at. But he was starting to wonder, at what cost? He wasn't unhappy . . . but he wasn't exactly happy either. He was trying to prove himself, Tye had concluded when he first gave it some amount of thought. But prove himself to who? His parents? His family? Himself?
	Tye sat down in his next class and set his backpack down under his desk. He took out his textbooks. The backpack was always a constant weight on his back even when he wasn't wearing it. Everything he needed was inside it. His books, his binders, his notes, the keys to his future. And yet even though he brought it everywhere with him, it was weighing him down.
	"Hey." Tye's deskmate greeted him as he sat down.
      "Hey," Tye acknowledged him with a nod in his direction. All of Tye's classmates were essentially like himself. Stressed and tired, that was.
      AP tests were only days away, and something told Tye that he wasn't going to get any sleep this week. The sleep itself was a problem. Even when Tye finished all of his homework, he still found himself too worried to sleep.
      During each test he took, he always aimed for the highest grade and the best scores possible. While Grace had told him time and time again that he was being unrealistic in thinking every single thing he did had to be perfect, it was a constant problem Tye was still trying to come to terms with. Grace was right. It was unrealistic. But Tye always found himself unconsciously striving toward it anyway.
      "Tye." Tye's deskmate nudged him in the shoulder. "How do I answer this question?"
      "Let me see." Tye set his own work aside to take a look at his classmate's. It was interesting how they always assumed that he knew the answer.
      Sometimes Tye wondered what would happen to him once he graduated high school. Once he graduated college. Schoolwork was all he knew how to do. It was all he had ever known.
      "Have you read the page in the textbook?" Tye looked down at the question. "There's a formula toward the bottom of the page. I know, they were sneaky this time. It was hidden pretty well."
      "Thanks, man. Appreciate it."
      When the bell for lunch rang, Tye met up with Ruby and Grace in the hallway, and the three of them walked together to Mari's club room. When they arrived, Mari hurried up to greet them. "Do you know if we made it in?" Mari asked hopefully. "Have they mailed you the results yet?"
      "I don't think they would have mailed it out that quickly." Tye pulled out his phone to check his mail anyway. He had checked in the morning and even went as far as glancing at it every couple of minutes on the way to school. That was until he remembered that the auditions themself were going to run through Wednesday to accommodate everyone who wanted a shot at it. "Nope, still nothing."
      "Figures." Mari sighed. She stepped aside to let the three of them move to the back of the room where Tomas was already sitting at one of the desks.
      "AP tests start on Wednesday," Tomas said in a way of greeting as the three of them took their seats. Something about his quiet voice made the statement sound something more like a death sentence. "Everyone ready?"
      "This is what we've been working the entire year towards." Grace stared down at the table in front of her and clasped her hands together on top of its smooth surface.
      Ruby nodded. "That's right. We worked hard, and we're going to keep working hard. We'll do just fine."
      "I don't know if you're the type who will really settle for 'just fine,'" Tye said knowingly as he sat down as well.
      "And are you?" Ruby's inky hair whispered over her bare shoulders as she looked over at him. She was wearing a tank top and shorts, and the fog outside the windows behind her made the outfit look very out of place. "But what am I even saying? Of course you're going to do fine. You're going to get fives on everything. I already know it."
      Tye just gave her an exasperated look before taking off his glasses to rub his eyes for at least the fifth time already.
      "Don't pressure him," Grace said with a sigh. "We're all going to try our best. What happens will happen, and then we have the end-of-year variety show to look forward to. We're getting in. All the teachers looked like they were enjoying our performance." Then Grace turned to look up at where Mari was setting up her presentation for the day. "I'm surprised Mari's still doing stuff for the club. She's still got AP tests to study for herself."
      "I think most of her members are freshmen," Ruby pointed out. "Upperclassmen tend to be too busy to attend a club that happens every day. You can also see that she gets different members on different days."
      Tomas looked over at Mari. "I think it's great that she has so many people interested in what she has to say."
      "Of course." Ruby nodded along. "We should study. Time's already slipping away from us."
      Nodding, Tye blinked the tiredness from his eyes as he returned to the lines of text and equations covering the pages in front of him.
      
~

	"Tye," Grace said worriedly, "are you sure you're okay?"
	Tye blinked, and his room blurred as he looked around. As he squinted in the direction of Grace's voice. Tye blinked again and quickly found his glasses laying on the surface of his desk in front of him. He put them on and stared at the book he had been using as a pillow. Had he fallen asleep?
	That was right-since AP tests were starting this week, they had decided that it would be better to go home and study instead of heading to Tomas's house. Tye grimaced at the stack of textbooks on the desk in front of him. When had he fallen asleep? How long had he been sleeping?
	"Dad and Mom got home early tonight." Grace stepped into the room and bent over to pick up a notebook that had slid onto the floor. "It's time for dinner."
	Tye turned to look out the window. It was already dark outside, and the lights of the city were shining behind the reflection of his face in the glass. Food would help. Hopefully. So Tye rose from his seat and followed Grace to the dining room table.

~

	"It's three in the morning." Grace pushed open the door to Tye's room. "Even Dad and Mom have already gone to sleep."
	"What are you still doing awake?" Tye asked without looking up from the notes he was pouring over. The lights in his room were still on, and the brightness was starting to give him a headache.
	Grace placed her hands on her hips. "You need to sleep. What happens if you're so tired to the point that you can't go to school tomorrow? What happens if you're so tired you fall down a flight of stairs and hurt yourself?"
	Tye shook his head in amusement. "I'm not going to hurt myself."
	Grace frowned. "You won't even be able to take the AP tests if you're laying there in a hospital bed."
	Tye paused at that and quietly set his notebook down. "What are you doing awake this late anyway?"
	"I was worried about you. Next year, don't take so many AP classes. Just take what's appealing to you."
	"But-"
	"Can't you see what it's doing to your health? Is it worth it?"
	"What about you, though?" Tye asked tiredly. "You're taking almost as many AP classes yourself."
	"I might be taking the classes"-Grace walked over to lean against the windowsill-"but I'm not focusing on getting the best possible grades and test scores. I know that you're a perfectionist, and I am too. But some things are just not worth risking your health for. Just do your best. No matter how badly you do, you will pass."
	"It's true that it's very difficult to get a five on every single test." Tye closed his eyes for a brief moment. He opened them again as his tiredness crashed into him.
	"Exactly!" Grace nodded her head. "You need to set your sights a little lower for your own sake. Besides, getting a four on the tests is all you really need."
	Tye let out a sigh, and a silence fell in the room between them. "I should go to sleep," he finally said as he rose to his feet. His legs were stiff, and his neck was even stiffer.
	"Yes, you should."
	After taking off his glasses, Tye walked over to his bed. Grace turned out the lights before stepping out of the room and gently closed the door behind her.
      Tye was asleep the moment his head hit the pillow, and the tests plagued his dreams as he tossed and turned uneasily until morning.

~

	The day he had been waiting for all year had finally arrived. It was the first day of AP testing.
      Tye and Ruby stood next to each other as they waited outside the doors to the school's gym. The testing was going to take place inside.
	"Relax." Ruby clapped Tye on the shoulder. "We're going to get this over with, and then before you know it, you'll be walking out of those doors with a proud smile on your face."
      Tye continued to eye the doors, even though Ruby's reassuring touch and the familiar scent of her mint chapstick had already started to calm his nerves. "That would be the best-case scenario."
	"Come on." Ruby was smiling, but she too seemed giddier than usual. "You've got this, and you know it." The doors to the gym opened, and the students in the testing slot before them filed out. "Here we go." Ruby inhaled sharply as her own nervousness surfaced. "Best of luck."
	Tye nodded, suddenly feeling more confident than he had moments ago. "You too."

~

	A week had passed, and Tye had just finished the last of his AP tests. Everything went by so quickly that he barely even had time to process how many days passed.
	"It's over!" Mari cheered as Tye, Ruby, and Tomas followed along behind her. "I think this calls for a celebration."
	Tye sighed. "Now we just have to wait for our scores."
	"Don't think about that right now," Ruby said. "It's over for the time being."
	"I know it's done." Tye lifted his glasses to pinch the bridge of his nose. "But I just can't stop thinking about what I did wrong and what I could have done better. I think it's going to take me a few days to really accept that it's over. It's just something I worked so hard for all year, and now that it's over, I don't really know what to do with myself."
      "There's still finals." Mari's smile faded as she slowed her pace to let the others catch up. "Studying isn't over just yet."
      When they reached Tomas's house, the four of them found to their pleasant surprise that Ms. Quevedo had made juice popsicles for them to celebrate.
      "It was Isabelle's idea," Ms. Quevedo explained as she passed them out. "Remember to thank your sister later."
      While it was still slightly too cold and foggy outside for popsicles, the four of them enjoyed them nonetheless. When they were done, the five of them made their way to Tomas's room. There, Mari and Tomas sat down on either side of Tye in an attempt to teach him how to play their favorite computer game.
      "There's a reason why I don't play video games." Tye shook his head as his in-game character died again to a low-level monster. But he was smiling. This was a well needed distraction.
      "I just got a text from my brother," Ruby said suddenly.
      "Tilden?" Tye leaned over as Ruby held out her phone to show him.
      Ruby grinned. "He's congratulating us on finishing our testing."
      Congrats on testing! Tilden's message read. And as Tye looked on, a new message popped up to follow it. I just so happen to have the day off, so I just came back from a walk around the city with San.
      Mari looked over at the message before taking the phone from Ruby and typed back, Who is San???!!!!
      Looks like San is calling me, Tilden's response came almost immediately. Got to go! Have a lovely evening!
      Mari handed the phone back to Ruby. "He's so irritating sometimes. How long has it been now since he's met San? It's been at least a year now, and he refuses to share any pictures."
      Ruby frowned as she scrolled through her messages. "All we know is that San's a friend of his."
      "Friend?" Tye gave Ruby a knowing look. "He's obviously obsessed."
      Mari turned to Tye. "You also think San is his girlfriend? Boyfriend? Theyfriend?"
      "Tilden's having a lot of fun keeping us in the dark," Tomas remarked. "He's not going to reveal who San is any time soon."
      Mari let out a sigh. "You can't blame me for being at least a little curious about who exactly is keeping him from contacting us as much as he used to. Whoever San is, the two of them are probably an adorable couple."
      Tye nodded along in agreement. During their freshman year, Tilden had practically been like an older brother to all of them. He had been the one who suggested that Tye try out the bass guitar. He had been the one who initially started teaching him, but when he got bogged down with schoolwork, Tomas took over.
      During the first year after he had left, Tilden had still kept in touch with them and made sure to send pictures of his new life in New York to their group chat. When Tilden was accepted into his dream music school, he had excitedly gone to his parents with the news. Except the reaction Tilden had been met with was far from the one he had hoped for. Tye still didn't know all of the details of the event. Tilden didn't talk about it, and Ruby tried to avoid the topic as much as possible.
      Toward the end of Tilden's first year at college, he met San. Tye was happy that Tilden had found someone to keep him company on the east coast, and now whenever Tilden would mention San (which he did a lot), all of them would playfully bombard him with questions about San's mysterious identity.
      "Enough about my brother." Ruby set her phone down as she turned back to Tye. "Let's see if you can get past the boss this time."
      "I've already tried twice before." Tye sighed as he resurrected his in-game character. "Bold of you to assume that I'll be able to clear the dungeon this time."
      Mari grinned. "Third time's a charm. Come on, Tomas and I will walk you through it."
      "Alright." Tye focused on the screen in front of him. "I'm starting to think I should have gone with a magic-wielding class instead."
      "I used to play a non-magic class," Ruby pointed out as she leaned in to watch Tye's screen over Tomas's shoulder. "For some period of time there, I was one of the top players on the server. Mari and I had worked our way to the top, and even though it only lasted for a couple of months, we were quite formable opponents, if I do say so myself."
      "We were a great team," Mari said wistfully. "You should join me again one day, Ruby."
      Ruby laughed. "Maybe one day."
      After an hour of struggle and frustration, Tye had successfully cleared the dungeon by himself. There was something very satisfying about the way the boss vanished in a puff of smoke and left a loot chest in its wake.
      "Open it!" Mari urged, and Tye clicked the chest. A big number six flashed across the screen as his character leveled up.
      "And what level are you, Mari?" Tye asked as he collected everything in the chest.
      "Ninety-nine," Mari said distractedly.
      "That's the max level." Tye let out a sigh. "I'm not even surprised. What level are you, Tomas? I remember you only started about two years back."
      "I just reached ninety-five a few weeks ago," Tomas recalled. "Leveling gets exponentially more difficult the further you go along. And if you want to play a different class, you'll have to level it from the beginning all over again."
      "It looks like I'm sticking with the blade master, then." Tye checked the stats of the new gear he had just gained from the loot chest, not quite sure what any of the stars and bars in the description meant.
      "Hello." Grace appeared in the doorway.
      "Grace!" Mari jumped to her feet to wave Grace over. "We were just showing your brother how to clear the level five dungeon. Would you like to have a go?"
      Grace offered Mari a tired smile. "I think I'll have to pass. Ms. Quevedo is calling all of you for dinner."
      The five of them made their way out of Tomas's room and crowded around the dinner table. Ms. Fernandez arrived right after they had sat down, and Ms. Quevedo jumped up to greet her. 
      "I need a new job," Ms. Fernandez said irritably as she kicked off her high heels.
      "Yes," everyone at the table said, and Ms. Fernandez looked up at them, blinking as if she had just realized that they were sitting there.
      Ms. Fernandez sighed. "I think I'm going to call in sick for a couple of days." She walked into the kitchen to wash her hands before joining them at the table. "I really have to do some serious thinking about whether or not I should resign."
      "You just said it yourself." Tomas looked up at his mom. "What's keeping you there? I know the pay is good, but Mama is working too. We've got more than enough to coast on while you look for a new job."
      "My boss is practically forcing me to quit." Ms. Fernandez closed her eyes as she pinched the bridge of her nose. "When I asked him about getting promoted today, he just laughed and said he'd promote me if I joined him at his apartment after work for a drink."
      "You need to file a complaint." Mari's expression was horrified. "I still remember you mentioning how during breaks he'd even follow you to the restroom!"
      Ms. Fernandez sighed again. "Right now, I have no evidence. The camera footage keeps mysteriously disappearing. I can't accuse him of anything either. Even though he does follow me around, he hasn't physically touched me. It's my word against his. He'll just say that I'm slandering him."
      "What did you tell him in response to his proposal?" Tomas asked with a crease between his brows.
      "I was actually scheduled to work overtime again." Ms. Fernandez leaned back in her chair. "But after I went to ask him about a promotion and he gave me his response, I told him that I suddenly didn't feel well and was going to go home. And then I left."
	"Good." Tomas set his fork down on his plate. "You should call in sick for the next couple of days."
	Ms. Fernandez nodded her head. "I'll stay at home. I think it's about time I got a new job."
	Tye frowned. "You should still try and report him. And now he's even asking you to go home with him even though he knows you're already married."
	"He has no respect." Ruby grimaced, and Grace and Mari nodded in agreement.
	"I could try writing a piece about your situation," Mari offered. "I won't use your names of course, but I do have a blog with a good number of followers. I'm not sure how much it would do, but if I can help even a little bit, I'd like to try."
	"I appreciate it." Ms. Fernandez smiled faintly. "How has your blog been going recently?"
	"I haven't touched it in a few weeks due to studying for our AP exams," Mari admitted. "But once I get home tonight, I plan to upload the latest powerpoints I made for my club."
	As the conversation changed direction, the mood in the room lightened, and Tye found himself thinking about how Ms. Fernandez's situation was a problem where the solution was tricky to obtain. It was a problem with many steps-one that had to be picked apart and thoroughly examined before one could finally piece it back together and draw its conclusion.
	"Tye." Grace's voice drew Tye from his thoughts. "Have you finished eating? We're going to head downstairs to rehearse our song."

~

      "Look, look, look!" Tye rushed into Grace's room, and the screen of his phone glowed as he held it out to his sister.
      "It's not even six in the morning." Grace sat up in bed. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes as she squinted at the screen. "We still have another fifteen minutes until our alarms go off."
      "Look!" Tye shook his head, unable to contain his excitement. "We made the audition, Grace! We get to perform at the variety show!"
      "Really?" Grace blinked, suddenly wide awake as she snatched the phone from Tye and scrolled through the email. "This is wonderful! Have you told Ruby and the others yet?"
      "Not yet." Tye sat down next to Grace. "I'll tell them the news at seven. I know for a fact that Mari practically sleeps with her phone, and I don't want to wake her up this early if I don't have to."
      Grace elbowed Tye accusingly. "You didn't have to wake me up this early."
      "I just got the news. Who else was I supposed to share it with?"
      "I think this calls for a big celebration," Grace said determinedly. "We can celebrate the end of AP testing and our acceptance into the variety show."
      "Let's talk about it with the others during lunch today. I was pretty confident that we were going to make the auditions, but this news was still the best thing I've heard in a while."
      "What are we waiting for?" Grace jumped to her feet. "Let's get ready for school."

~

      "Hurray!" Mari pumped her fist in the air after Grace had presented the idea of a celebration. It was lunchtime, and Ruby, Grace, and Tye had just arrived at the club room.
      "I knew we could do it." Tomas joined them at the doorway, smiling faintly. "How do we want to celebrate?"
      "Are the four of you free over the weekend?" Ruby looked at all of them in turn. "We could go out to eat somewhere. How about that one Chinese restaurant we used to go to?"
      "Perfect!" Mari clapped her hands together. "I've missed that place. It feels like forever since we've been back."
      "It's only been a year give or take," Grace recalled. "Oh, if each of us brings ten dollars, I think we'll have more than enough to split some dishes."
      Since there was no more studying for AP tests, Tye and the others joined the discussion Mari and the other members of her club were having about bringing attention to unfair treatment in work environments. And for someone who was normally very quiet, Tomas had quite a lot to say about the topic.
	When the weekend came around, Grace and Tye took the bus to the restaurant to find Ruby and Mari already waiting outside. Tomas arrived shortly after, and the five of them eagerly headed inside.
	After being led to a table on the far side of the restaurant, the five of them looked over the menu for a good five minutes before ordering the same dishes they used to in the past. Their options had always been limited given the fact that Mari didn't eat pork, and Tye and Grace were both vegans.
	"Are we excited for the variety show?" Ruby leaned forward after they had ordered.
	There was a smile on Tye's face as he nodded his head along with the others. It was exciting to actually have something to look forward to. Tye didn't have any particular passions or hobbies the way his other friends did. He didn't play even a fraction of the instruments Tomas did, nor blog like Mari, or dance like Grace. And Ruby . . . Ruby was brilliant at everything she did. She had been the one to bring the five of them together. Maybe one day very soon, Tye would find his own passion. There was always music-music was calling to him.
      Tye's smile grew as he watched his friends chat away, and he laughed along with their light-hearted banter. He didn't need to think too hard about it right now. He still had another year, after all.
    


    Chapter 3.5

Zhang T: Guys, San made me miss my bus again. I have to walk to school in disgrace now.

~graceful~: Oh my gosh, Tilden hi!

Ru?y Z: WHO IS SAN!!?? And hi, Tilden.

Tomas Quevedo: Have you ever considered biking to school? That way you wouldn't have to worry about missing the bus, and it would save you some money.

Zhang T: Yeah, I have, but this is New York. If you don't lock your bike up, it's gone.

Zhang T: Even if you do lock your bike up, it's still gone.

Zhang T: Or at least parts of it are.

~graceful~: Your bike should be fine on campus though, right?

Zhang T: Nahhhh I wouldn't count on it.

Zhang T: Oh did I tell you about the new piece I'm working on? I'm writing it for San. Have I mentioned that San is my inspiration?

tyedyemaster_2000: Who is San??????????

~graceful~: Who is San!!!!!!

Ru?y Z: WHO IS SAN!!??

Zhang T: I've already told you before. San moved in with me-San's my roommate.

Ru?y Z: Yes, but who is San? Are we ever going to get a picture? Are we ever going to get a face reveal?

Zhang T: I don't knowww, I don't think you'd be able to handle it. San's too adorable...

~graceful~: Come on, Tilden! The suspense is killing us!

Tomas Quevedo: Hey, does anyone know where Mari is? She hasn't been online in a few days and I feel like she'd have something to add...


    Chapter 4

	"We've got one week until finals," Grace said in a worried whisper.
	Ruby flashed her a smile. The two of them were sitting next to each other in physics class. "Think about it this way: we've got two weeks until summer."
	"Summer," Grace said wistfully. "Summer couldn't arrive any faster."
	Ruby nodded in agreement. Even though she was still a junior in high school, everything was starting to feel like it was dragging out. When Ruby had mentioned this to her brother over a call, Tilden had laughed and said that that feeling was supposed to be saved for senior year.
	When the bell rang, Ruby and Grace made their way to Mari's club room only to find that the blonde-haired girl wasn't there. Tomas was standing at the front of the classroom instead, loading a presentation on his laptop.
	"Where's Mari?" Grace asked as the two of them walked over to him.
	"Mari says that she's sick." Tomas turned to face them, and he looked around the room as he rolled up the sleeves of his button-down shirt. "Where's Tye?"
	"Tye's returning a textbook," Grace informed him. "But we just saw Mari yesterday. She seemed fine then."
	Ruby walked over to their usual corner and took a seat at one of the desks. "It's possible to come down with a cold very quickly. If it's a common cold, Mari should be fine in a couple of days."
	A few minutes later, the door to the clubroom opened, and Tye stepped inside. When he spotted Tomas at the front of the classroom, he walked over to ask the same question about Mari. "I'll be taking over for her today," Tomas explained with a sigh. "I just hope Mari's alright."
	Ruby looked up from her stack of textbooks. "What's wrong with Mari? Is there something other than a cold going on that I don't know about?"
	"Mari, she-" Tomas started, but then he shook his head as he fell silent.
	Ruby gave him a suspicious look but turned back to her books all the same.
	PE class later that day felt a little odd without Mari there. Once the bell rang, Ruby pulled out her phone and opened their group chat. As she scrolled through the message, she found that Mari had been silent for a few more days than she usually was.
	Ruby put her phone away as Tomas appeared among the crowd of students flowing out of the front entrance. Since Mari was sick today, they decided it would be better to wait until she was back to meet at Tomas's house. There was still rehearsing to do for the variety show, and if Mari wasn't there, it would be difficult to concentrate. Or that had been Tomas's conclusion at least. Ruby waved Tomas over, and together, the two of them began their walk home.
	
~

	"Your dad's coming home early tonight," Ruby's mom informed her when Ruby walked through the front door. "He has something important he wants to tell us."
	"Alright." Ruby set her backpack down and walked over to Singsing. The puppy jumped up and down before eagerly running in circles around Ruby. After crouching down and patting Singsing on the head, Ruby went upstairs to start her homework.
	As she worked, she found her mind wandering. What was this imporant thing her dad wanted to tell her? All her dad ever did was work. He had always worked late and long hours, but ever since Tilden had left, Ruby rarely saw him around anymore.
	Her dad was part of a rapidly growing snack food company, and recently, from the ranting he had done one night to Ruby's mom, he was competing against one of his co-workers for the position of CEO. Ruby's dad had been working at the company since it opened, and it had been over ten years now.
	Ruby still remembered when the company had first started, it had been a tiny shop with no more than five employees. But now, their products were being sold in every major market. Ruby's grandparents had disapproved of her dad's company for the longest time, especially at the beginning when it seemed like it was fated to crumble quickly. As the son of immigrants, Ruby's dad wanted to make a name for himself in the world of business. Now he was a big name, but Ruby's Yeye and Nainai had passed away before they could see the glory their son had finally obtained.
	Ruby was happy for her dad. Except . . . Ruby sighed as she glance out the window at the darkening sky. Her dad was hardly present in her life anymore, and something felt missing without him around.
	A soft whimpering sounded at her feet, and she looked down to find Singsing sitting next to her chair. The puppy looked up at her with large eyes.
	"Do you miss Ba too?" Ruby asked as she reached down to scoop the puppy onto her lap. She swiveled her chair around to look at her guitar, propped up on its stand in the corner of her room.
	Music was something she lived for. Writing songs, playing her guitar, performing. Ruby wasn't sure what she'd do without it. Music had been everything her brother had lived for too, but where had it gotten him? It had gotten him kicked out of the house.
	Her parents had always seemed so proud of the way Tilden practiced his violin for hours on end, and even prouder when they attended his concerts. Ruby had never expected them to react the way they did when Tilden decided to major in it. She still remembered her mom arguing that musicians didn't make any money, and her dad saying that if Tilden chose to continue with music, he would never become successful in life. Tilden had tried to reason with them, but things escalated and ended with a full-out shouting match that left everyone in tears. Tilden had then packed his bags and stormed out the following morning.
	Looking back, Ruby wished she could have done more to argue on her brother's behalf. She knew that her parents only wanted what was best for their children, but they could at least give Tilden a chance. Ruby knew her parents and their parents had all sacrificed a lot to get to where they were today, but now, Ruby and her brother were in different positions from them.
      Ruby absently ran her hands through Singsing's curly fur. Her dad was coming home early tonight. Ruby blinked as it suddenly occurred to her that she hadn't told her parents about the variety show yet. She would let them know tonight. Her dad wouldn't be able to make it to the show given his work hours, but maybe her mom would be able to go. And maybe, when her mom saw how much work and passion Ruby and her friends had put into their song, she'd come to understand music-understand where Tilden had been coming from.
	"Ruby." A knock sounded on the door to Ruby's room, and it opened a moment later to reveal her mom. "Time to eat."
	Ruby nodded, and Singsing jumped off her lap as she rose from her seat. After taking her seat at the dining room table, Ruby looked from her mom to her dad and then back again.
	Ruby's dad finally broke the silence. "Shall we eat first and then listen to my announcement, or hear the announcement first?"
	"What's the announcement?" Ruby asked.
	Ruby's dad clasped his hands together on the table. "It's regarding my company and our summer plans. We're going to have a meeting to decide who will get the promotion to CEO. This meeting will take place in Maui, Hawaii."
	"Hawaii?"
	"Hawaii is one of the locations where we have a large stretch of farmland," Ruby's dad explained. "We all agreed to hold our annual meeting on Maui this year so we could check the farm and go on a retreat at the same time. And I . . . " he trailed off as he reached up to run a hand through his thinning hair. "I thought it would be nice for you and your mom to come along this year. The three of us could go as a family. It's been too long since the last time we've done something together as a family."
	"I-" Ruby just stared at him, at a loss for words.
	"We'll be picking you up on Friday right after your last final," her dad continued. "We wouldn't want to miss our flight."
	"Wait." Ruby shook her head, still trying to process his words. "We're going to Hawaii over the summer. And we're leaving the last Friday of the school year?"
	"That's right."
	"I-" Ruby started again, "would it be possible for me to stay home?"
	"Stay home?" Her mom blinked. Then her expression melted into a frown. "We're finally trying to do something together as a family, and you want to stay home?"
	"My friends and I are going to perform in our school's variety school." Ruby clasped her hands together in her lap, and her nails dug into her palms. "It's also on the last day of school. My friends and I spent so long working on our performance, and this will be the first time we ever perform on stage together."
	Ruby's mom sighed. "I know you've been missing your dad. I have too. And now he's finally giving us an opportunity to spend time together."
	"This isn't up for negotiation," Ruby's dad said sternly. "I've already paid for your ticket."
	"I'm old enough now to stay home by myself," Ruby tried even as that hopeless feeling began to sink in. "My friends worked just as hard as I did on our song."
	"Ruby." Her dad frowned. "It's just a song."
	"Over the years"-Ruby shook her head as she rose from her seat-"I've done everything you've wanted me to. I've taken all the classes you wanted me to take. I've kept my grades where you wanted them to be. Up until ninth grade, I went to Chinese school every day. Why can't I just have this one performance? Ba"-Ruby desperately turned to her dad-"it's the same with your work. You've put so much time, energy, and effort into it. But then right before you make a breakthrough, you're told you have to give it all up?"
	"How are those two things the same?" Ruby's mom asked in exasperation.
	Ruby turned to her. "Ma, you were the one who encouraged me to take all those guitar classes with Mari during elementary school. If you would just come to one of our practice sessions at Tomas's house to see what we've been working on-"
	"I encouraged you to take guitar lessons because I wanted you to be a well-rounded child," Ruby's mom said shortly. "If I knew what it would do to you and your brother, I would have never signed you up."
	"Tilden's living his best life in New York," Ruby tried one last time. "He's been contacted by a number of big orchestras waiting to take him in once he graduates. Just how famous does he have to become for you to see it?"
	"There's no room for negotiation here." Ruby's dad put his foot down.
	After looking hopelessly from her mom to her dad and then back again, Ruby turned on her heel and rushed up the stairs to her room.
	She flopped onto her bed and lay there for a while before rolling over onto her back. Her eyes stung as she blinked back angry tears. Ruby reached for her phone but stopped. She let her hand fall back to her side. She'd have to tell her friends that she could no longer perform with them at the variety show.
	This was partially Ruby's fault, though. If only she had told her parents about the variety show earlier . . . Ruby wasn't quite sure if that would have changed anything. She closed her eyes for a brief moment and opened them to find Singsing sitting on the bed next to her.
	"I let my friends down," Ruby told the puppy as she rolled over to stare up at the blank ceiling above her. "We weren't ready for the variety show last year, and this year when we finally got in, I can no longer be part of it."

~

	"You can't perform?" Mari's eyes were large as she stared at Ruby. "Then I'm not going to perform either."
	"Mari"-Ruby shook her head tiredly-"you don't need to step down just because I'm not going to be on stage with you."
	Tye exchanged a glance with Grace. "We won't perform either. You worked so hard on the song-you and Tomas both. It wouldn't feel right performing it without you there."
	"Exactly." Tomas nodded his head. "We can just sign up again next year."
	"But next year is our last year," Ruby tried as she looked from friend to friend. "What if we don't make it?"
	"Then we don't make it," Mari said simply. "We either do this together, or we don't do it at all."
	"I'm sure we'll make it next year," Grace added.
	"And if we don't," Tye finished for his sister, "I'm sure we could find a different place to perform."
	Ruby shook her head. "This is my fault for not telling my parents about the variety show sooner. Maybe if I told them earlier, they would have been more accommodating."
	"You don't know that for sure." Mari tugged on one of her braids. "They could have scheduled that flight regardless."
	Tye offered Ruby a smile. "You're going to Hawaii. I've never been to Hawaii. I bet you'll have a great time there. Take lots of pictures for us, will you?"
	Ruby gave Tye an exasperated look as she slumped down against the window at the back of Mari's clubroom. "It's not the same as performing with all of you. It came about so suddenly that I can't bring myself to feel excited about it either."
	Grace placed a hand on Ruby's shoulder. "Now that it is happening, all you can do is try and enjoy yourself. It is a vacation, after all."
	"You guys aren't mad at me?" Ruby asked.
	Mari smiled. "Of course not. We still have next year. It wasn't as if this was our only opportunity to perform together."
	"I still can't help but feel bad, though." Ruby turned to watch a single bird dive in and out of the fog outside the window. "I'll go with my parents to Hawaii, but I still want to spring a surprise on them the same way they did to me. Grace"-Ruby suddenly turned to face her friend-"I just had the perfect idea, and I'll need your help.

~

	When the final bell rang, instead of making her way to the front entrance as usual, Ruby headed to the back one. Grace was already waiting for her by the time she arrived, and the two of them set off together.
	"Are you sure you want to wait around outside?" Grace asked timidly when the two of them arrived at the doors to her dance studio. "There are a few shops in the area you could hang out at."
	"It's fine." Ruby offered her friend a smile. "I don't mind waiting outside."
	Grace nodded before pushing the dark-tinted doors open. Once Grace vanished, Ruby made her way over to one of the benches set up near the doors and pulled out her phone to check the time. She spent the first hour on her homework and then spent the rest of the time scrolling through her phone.
	When Grace reemerged, the sun had set, and the city lights blazed through the night, signaling its true awakening. Grace led the way through the maze of streets and lights. "Since we're not going to Tomas's house today, the bus stop this way is much more convenient."
	On the bus, Ruby watched the city lights blur by in silence. These lights had been all she had ever known. The reds and greens of the traffic lights, and the yellows and whites of the lamps and houses. There was something about the reds and grays of the city that made it beautiful. But it was the same pallet of reds and grays that made it dreary.
	"Here we are." Grace rose from her seat as the bus slowed to a stop. "It's been a while since you've been to my place. It's a few blocks away from the bus stop."
	Tye was waiting for them when they arrived at the door of the twins' apartment.
	"Hi, Ruby," Tye greeted them as he stepped aside to let them in. "I got everything set up in Grace's room."
	Grace sat Ruby down on the stool they had placed next to her desk, and three boxes of hair dye sat on the wooden surface in front of her.
	"All that's left is for you to choose your color." Tye gestured to the boxes.
	"You've never opened these before?" Ruby reached for one of the boxes, on which the cover model sported brilliant purple locks.
	"You know I can't dye my hair because of ballet," Grace said guiltily. "But it can't stop me from fantasizing anyway."
	Ruby set the purple box down and picked up the remaining two boxes of yellow and red.
	Tye leaned in. "I vote for red."
	"Red," Ruby decided as she nodded in agreement. "It has to be red."
	"Then red it is." Grace smiled, and her eyes lit up. "This is going to be fun! I've always wanted to dye hair before. I know that Tye offered to let me dye his hair, but he's this close to not having any hair." Grace held out her thumb and forefinger for emphasis.
	Tye held up his hands in defense. "Mom's the one who decides on that. I've got no say in the matter."
	"We don't need to bleach your hair for this red to show up," Grace explained as she got to work running a brush through Ruby's inky hair. "It will just show up as a shade of dark red. Ruby-red."
	Ruby looked into the mirror that Tye had set up on Grace's desk. "Fitting, isn't it?"
	Tye nodded. "Very."
	"Ready?" Grace asked as she pulled on a pair of disposable gloves. "Comfortable? This might take a while. Don't worry, though, I've watched enough videos to have at least some idea about what I'm doing."
	As Grace applied the dye to Ruby's hair, she paused for a moment, almost lost in thought.
	"Everything alright?" Ruby inquired.
	"Do you remember that boy in my first-period class?" Grace said mildly.
	"Everett?"
	"Yeah . . . he confessed to me today."
	Tye stared at Grace in disbelief. "He did what?"
	Grace got back to work on Ruby's hair. "I told him to stay away from me. Turns out the reason why he kept all my pencils was because he supposedly had a crush on me."
      Tye wrinkled his nose. "Eww."
	"Hey, I rejected him, didn't I?"
	"If he continues to bother you, definitely let your teacher know," Ruby said sympathetically. "Or let me know. I can tell him off."
	Before she knew it, Grace had finished with Ruby's hair. After washing and blow drying it, Ruby leaned forward to admire her new red hair in the mirror. "Wow, Grace! I'm impressed with how good it came out."
	"Don't act so surprised," Grace said proudly. "You came to me of all people for a reason. Anyway, it's getting late. You should probably head home before your parents start to worry."
	"Thank you again." Ruby turned to face her friends as she stood in the hallway in front of their apartment.
	"Send us a text when you get home," Grace called as Ruby started off.
	Ruby waved one final time before she made her way down the flights of stairs, down the block, and all the way back to the bus stop. Her mom was not going to be happy when she got back sporting deep-red hair. But that had been the whole point, wasn't it?
      Ruby let out a sigh. Angering her parents wasn't something she normally went out of her way to do, or even something she thought about doing. And maybe she was being a little unreasonable . . .
	Ruby closed her eyes for a brief moment as she stood at the bus stop. The glow of the advertisements cast her in a pale blue light. A light wind picked up, making Ruby momentarily question her choice of flip-flops, shorts, and a tank top.
      Ignoring the sudden chill, Ruby pulled out her phone and let the light from the screen illuminate her face. She scrolled through the messages she had last sent to her brother. Tilden hadn't responded yet.
      The bus arrived a few minutes later, and Ruby climbed on to find it was empty inside. Ruby took a seat in the middle of the bus and set her backpack down beside her. As the bus rolled into motion, Ruby snapped a picture of her red hair and sent it to her brother.
      Before long, Ruby found herself standing in front of her house. She sent a quick text to Grace to let her know she had made it home safely. Then after taking a deep breath of the night air, Ruby fumbled for her keys and pushed the door open.
      "Ruby!" her mom exclaimed, her head snapping up from where she had been sitting on the living room couch watching TV. Her eyes widened as they went straight to Ruby's red hair.
      "Good evening," Ruby said as casually as she could. She slipped off her shoes and made her way toward the stairs.
      "Stop right there!" her mom commanded, and Ruby froze with her foot hovering over the first step.
	Slowly lowering her foot, Ruby turned to face her. "Ma." Ruby held her mom's gaze. "I just want you and Ba to know that I was serious about that performance. I wished you could have respected that. After this year, my friends and I will only have one more chance to perform together in front of a crowd like that. All I had hoped was that you would be happy for me-that you would have been happy for Tilden."
	"Wash out that dye immediately!"
	Ruby folded her arms over her chest. "It's permanent. It doesn't wash out."
	Ruby and her mom just stared at each other for a long moment before her mom held out her hand, palm facing up. "Give me your phone. You're grounded."
	Ruby handed her phone over without any protest, and her mom made quick work of pocketing it. She had known this was coming.
	"You're not allowed to go play with your friends after school," her mom continued. "Until the end of the school year, you're to come home right away. Until finals have passed, I want you in your room studying."

~

	The days seemed to drag without being able to spend the evenings at Tomas's house with the others. Ruby still got to see her friends during lunch, but their time was cut short by the studying that had fallen upon them yet again.
      And then finals arrived, and just like that, it was the last day of school.
	Ruby sat in the back of her dad's car, staring absently out the window as they drove toward the airport. Three weeks. They were going to stay in Maui for three weeks. Ruby's suitcase of clothes was in the trunk of the car along with her guitar. When she had placed it in the trunk, her parents hadn't said anything in protest. So maybe they did feel a little bad after all, Ruby concluded.
	The flight lasted around five hours, and when they finally landed, the tiredness Ruby had felt while sitting on the plane faded as she stepped into the airport. Through the large glass windows, the sky was a brilliant shade of blue without a cloud to be seen. The world was full of vibrant greens and rich blues, and the ocean in the distance was infinite. The air was warm, and Ruby wanted to just stand there and breathe it in. During the flight, Ruby had done her best not to think about the variety show that had been going on. And now that she was here . . . 
	The drive to the house they would be staying was no more than thirty minutes, and before long, Ruby was unpacking her suitcase in one of the guest bedrooms on the second floor. It was a nice house, and the beach and ocean were practically their backyard.
	When Ruby finished unpacking, she opened her window and leaned on the windowsill. She watched the ocean waves lazily lapping at the powdery sand. There was just so much to take in: the blueness of the sky, the warmth of the sun, the crystal-like waters. A breeze picked up and set Ruby's deep-red hair dancing.
	Ruby stood there by the window as the sky slowly changed color. The sunset washed over the island as it gave way to nightfall, and once the sky had darkened completely, the stars steadily emerged to sparkle over the ocean. Only then did Ruby finally turn away from the window and take a seat at the desk on the far side of the room.
	Ruby had brought her stationery kit with her, and she placed one of the papers in front of her. She twirled her pencil between her fingers. It had been a while since she wrote a letter to anyone. She still didn't have access to her phone, and this way, she could write to her brother and friends. Obviously, when she sent out her letters, her friend's responses wouldn't be immediate. But that was fine. It still helped her feel connected to them anyway.
      Her first letter was addressed to Tilden, informing her brother that she had just arrived in Maui. She also told him about the house provided by their dad's company. When she finished the letter, Ruby started drafting one for Grace. But halfway through, Ruby felt her exhaustion overtake her. Even if there was only a three-hour time difference, Ruby was starting to feel it. Tomorrow, Ruby decided. She would finish her letters tomorrow.
	
~

	By the time Ruby woke up in the morning, her dad had already left to meet his co-workers, and her mom had gone out too. She had left a note on the dining room table explaining that she had gone to pick up groceries and added that Ruby still wasn't allowed to have her phone back.
	After frowning at the note, Ruby made her way to the front door and slipped on her flip-flops. She would go for a walk.
      She made her way to the stretch of beach behind the house and walked along the water's edge. The ocean itself was a deep blue in contrast to the bright one of the sky. Ruby hummed to herself as she walked, and her deep-red hair whipped around her face. As she walked further, her humming turned into the song she had written with her friends.
      Suddenly, something glittery caught Ruby's eye, and she blinked. The sun was reflecting off something in the distance. Ruby squinted, trying to block out the sun's glare with her hand as she looked out over the water.
	And then her eyes widened. Her eyes had to be playing tricks on her. No. It couldn't be. Could it?
	Ruby blinked rapidly, but by the time she looked again, the figure had vanished beneath the waves.

    Chapter 5

	Had he been spotted?
      Aouli swam deeper into the turquoise waters, away from the sandy beach and the girl with the deep-red hair. He happened to hear the faint sound of someone singing. He was drawn to it, and he followed the sound all the way to the beach.
	Sunlight spilled through the surface of the water and scattered over the colorful floors of the ocean. Aouli swam between the flocks of colorful fish, his tail propelling him through the water with ease. He had to tell his sister about the girl with the red hair. Maybe his sister would like to see her too.
	It was true that he had swam a little too far this time. He had gone too close to the shore. But when he heard the sound of singing in the breeze, his curiosity got the better of him.
	Humming a tune of his own, Aouli finally arrived at his sister's residence. As of now, his sister had the second-largest living space in their village. His father, the high chief, still had the largest one, but his sister would soon inherit it when she became the new village chief in twenty days' time. In twenty days, their father would be sixty summers old. And at sixty, it was tradition for the high chief to step down and live comfortably without having to worry about village affairs.
	Aouli's older sister, Healani, had always been next in line to be the village's high chief, and she was diligently learning everything she needed. Aouli had never once thought about becoming the high chief himself. He didn't want to stay in the village all day; he'd rather be out exploring the oceans and basking in the warm rays of the sun.
	Aouli brushed aside the curtain of kelp as he eagerly swam into Healani's residence. "I have something to tell you."
	"Aouli?" Healani was sitting on the smooth rock where she spent her days studying texts. But she wasn't alone. A female with green hair sat next to her as the two of them poured over the stack of stone tablets piled on the floor.
	"Your little brother's here," the green-haired female said. "Interpreting work again, I see."
      Healani's sea-glass hair billowed out in the water around her as she tiredly set down the tablet she was holding. "Is something wrong?"
      "There's a human girl with red hair on the beach," Aouli explained quickly. "If we hurry, she might still be there."
      "A human?" Healani inhaled sharply before motioning with a hand for the green-haired female to leave them. Healani waited until the female had vanished before swimming over to Aouli. There was something quizzical flickering behind her deep-brown eyes. "What were you doing so close to the shore? What if you were seen?"
      "I didn't get that close." Aouli's long hair drifted through the water as he shook his head. "I'm careful."
      Healani just gave him an exasperated look.
      "We need to move fast." Aouli turned, but then stopped when his sister didn't move.
      Healani held his gaze. "I'm not going. It would be better for all of us if we stayed away from the humans." She sighed as she took Aouli's hands in her own. "Humans are dangerous, and I don't want anything to happen to you. Father feels the same way. After we lost Mother . . ."
      "I-" Aouli started. His sister was right, though. He had been too rash. Too adventurous. "I'm sorry."
      "I'm just glad you're safe." Healani pulled Aouli into an embrace. "Now be good, will you? I need to get back to work and can't watch over you. Do me a favor and stay in the village today. Oh, that reminds me of something."
      Aouli just blinked as Healani swam to one of the shelves built into the single rocky wall. She ran her hand over the assortment of colorful bottles that covered it.
      "This." Healani swam back to Aouli with a familiar plain-looking one in hand. "I just finished my prescription last night. I'd go ask her myself, but you know I'm going to be busy. And she likes you better," Healani added as an afterthought.
      It was Aouli's turn to sigh as he took the empty bottle from his sister. "Take care, then." After brushing aside the curtain of kelp, Aouli made his way into the village. Youngsters were swimming among the vibrant corals that covered the ocean floor, and they all stopped to wave at Aouli as he swam past. Aouli waved back and offered them a friendly smile.
      "Aouli!" One of them came over to swim beside him. "Will you come and play with us?"
      "I can't right now," Aouli told the boy regretfully. "I need to go to the far side of the village to run an errand for my sister."
      The boy's eyes grew larger. "You're off to see the sea witch! My mother always tells me to beware of the sea witch!"
      "This isn't my first time going to see her," Aouli reassured the boy. "She's not nearly as bad as everyone claims she is."
      "Beware of the sea witch!" the other children chorused as they swam over to join their friend. "Beware of the sea witch!"
      Before long, Aouli found himself in front of the cave's all too familiar entrance. Lifting a hand, he brushed aside the curtain of kelp covering the opening. It was dark inside. He withdrew his hand and let the curtain fall back in place. Was anyone even here?
      Looking back at the cave entrance, Aouli's eyes fell on the sign engraved on the stones. Welcome! The stone read. Selling Medicine and Fortunes Inside.
      Shaking his head, Aouli pushed the kelp aside for a second time and cautiously swam into the darkness beyond. The moment the kelp curtain closed behind him, total silence fell. Aouli blindly swam through the dark, and he squinted as something zipped past his ear.
      "Boo!" a voice sang from behind him.
      Aouli whirled around as the cave was suddenly illuminated with a number of glowing lights. A young female floating in the center of the brightness.
      "I'm sorry!" The female giggled, and her long hair flowed as she doubled over from laughing. "I couldn't help it-I don't get many visitors these days."
      "Ulani," Aouli greeted her. "I tried to tell the village children that you aren't nearly as horrible as they've been led to believe, but maybe I shouldn't have tried to defend you."
      Ulani stopped laughing to look up at Aouli with milky-white eyes. "You stood up for me?" Then she busted out into a new fit of giggles. "This has to be my lucky day! The son of the high chief stood up for me!"
      Aouli just shook his head in exasperation. There was a reason why the villagers warned him to stay away from the sea witch-she was always a handful to deal with.
      "My sister sent me," Aouli explained. "She needs another bottle."
      "Oh." Ulani came to a stop in front of Aouli. "Your sister sent you. Of course."
      "The people in the village don't really like to associate with you. I've told you before that if you'd like to see me more often, I can meet up with you beyond the reef. But you won't leave your cave."
      "Beyond these walls is danger," Ulani warned. "Beyond these walls are humans. And the humans are responsible for the passing of our previous chief."
      Aouli handed the bottle to Ulani. "I didn't come here to talk about my mother."
      Ulani took the bottle from him. "You're not nearly cautious enough as you should be. Now, how much should I charge you this time for the prescription? Since you're my handsome childhood friend, I'll give you a discount . . . "
      "How much does the prescription cost this time?" Aouli asked.
      "The coral from the far reef. I want two stalks of the orange one."
      "Consider it done." Aouli turned and made to leave the cave.
      "Wait!" Ulani's voice stopped him.
      Aouli looked over his shoulder at her. "What is it now?"
      "You're still blaming me for getting us lost. That's why you don't visit me anymore."
      Aouli just dropped his gaze. "I know it's not your fault. I just hope you can understand why I don't want to be spending so much time around you."
      "I didn't know what the visions meant at the time." Ulani's hands clenched into fists at her side. "I had never gone far from my cave before. I got us lost."
      Aouli sighed. "I don't blame you. We were still able to find my sister, remember? If it wasn't for you, she would have continued to risk her own health to stay by Mother's side." 
      Years ago, Aouli's mother, the former high chief, had gone out with Healani to introduce her to the neighboring village's chief. But on the way, the two of them had run into an oil spill.
      At the time, Aouli had been playing with the other children in the village. Ulani had been there too, and Aouli still remembered how she grabbed his arm and told him worriedly that she had seen that his mother was in trouble.
      Aouli had gone to his father and they all had quickly swam off with the rest of the village adults to search for their chief. They swam for hours to reach the sight of the spill, and then Ulani had done her best to navigate through the thick oil, but the area had been too large. By the time they found Aouli's mother and Healani, the damage had been done. To this day, Healani's vision was still damaged by the toxins, and she had never fully recovered from the trauma of the experience.
      Ulani had rarely been seen outside her cave since then. Some said that she was perfecting her vision abilities while others claimed that she had shut herself off from the world since she was too ashamed to face anyone.
      "I'll come to visit you more often." Aouli offered Ulani a small smile. "It's childish of me to be ignoring you the way I am. We're old friends after all, and my sister wants me to stay close to the town anyway. After I bring you the coral, I'll stop by more often."
      Ulani clapped her hands together. "I'll be looking forward to it!"
      After waving goodbye, Aouli made his way out of the cave. As he swam back to his sister's residence, the children who had been playing among the coral hurried over to him.
      "Was the sea witch frightening?" one of them asked with wide eyes.
      Aouli let out a laugh. "The sea witch isn't frightening. She's not really a witch either. She's one of your local healers. Remember that whenever one of you gets hurt and needs to get medicine from her. I've got to go get something for her now. Be good, all of you."
      "Bye-bye!" The children waved as Aouli swam off.
      After dropping off the bottle at his sister's residence, he started on his journey to the far side of the island where the orange coral grew. Accompanied by flocks of brightly colored fish, Aouli twirled through the waters. But as he neared the far side of the island, Aouli suddenly felt that something was right.
      Slowing his pace, Aouli looked around at his surroundings. Nothing seemed out of place. He cautiously proceeded on his way. As he moved forward, he found that the water was gradually getting more and more mirky, and the fine film of algae floating on the surface thickened until the sunlight struggled to break through.
      There were hardly any signs of life. No fish, no plants. It was completely dead. Silent.
      Aouli just stared at the emptiness. He had never seen anything like it before. The last time he had gone out to this side of the island hadn't been that long ago . . . Well, maybe it had been a few years. But what could have caused a dead zone to occur so quickly?
      A shiver ran down Aouli's spine, and he quickly swam upward. His head broke through the algae-covered surface. The murky darkness wasn't right. Blinking in the brightness of the sun, Aouli stared out over the ocean's surface. How far did this dead zone extend? He made up his mind that he didn't want to swim through it. He'd go around.
      Aouli eventually made it to where the orange coral was growing, and on his way back, he found himself so distracted he almost swam right past his village. Something about the water in the dead zone had felt so wrong. He had to tell his father. What if the dead zone spread? Would it reach their village?
      When he returned to Ulani's cave, the sign outside had been changed to "closed," and Aouli set the orange coral outside the entrance before swimming off.
      "Father." Aouli swam over to where his father was talking to a number of the other adults in the center of the village.
      "Aouli." Aouli's father blinked as he read the worried expression on his son's face. "What's wrong?"
      "I found something you might want to see," Aouli said grimly. "On the far side of the island, there's a patch of water where nothing grows. A patch of water where nothing lives. I'm worried it might spread. I'll only be able to stop worrying after you assess the situation for yourself."
      "Lead the way."
      Aouli pointed out the dead zone to his father when the two of them arrived at the far side of the island.
      Aouli's father closed his eyes as if he could feel the ocean itself. "The water here is out of balance."
      "What could have thrown the ocean out of balance?" Aouli asked quickly.
      "I think 'who' could have thrown the ocean out of balance is a better question." The high chief opened his eyes, and his expression was grim.
      Aouli looked up at his father. "The humans?"
      "Who else but humans has enough power to do such a thing? I need to arrange a talk with the islanders. They promised that we could live in peace with them. I want to ask them just what exactly is going on. And for the time being"-his father looked down at him-"I want you to stay close to the village. Don't wander off too far."
      "Shouldn't I try and help see if there's any more of these dead patches?" Aouli asked. "I want to help."
      The high chief let out a sigh. "Your sister will worry if she hears about this news. Let's not tell her about the dead patches for the time being. She's about to become the high chief, and I want everything to go smoothly. I'll speak with the islanders to clear things up. We'll leave finding the rest of the dead patches to the adults."
      "Alright." It was Aouli's turn to let out a sigh. The village was a lively place, but sometimes it was that very liveliness that made Aouli want to swim out into the ocean-to swim through the clear waters among the colorful fish and plants. He wanted to sit on the rocks and sing. But it seemed that he would have to go back to the village. He didn't want to go against his father's wishes, nor did he want to trouble his sister.
      
~
      
      That night, Aouli went to visit his sister.
      "Aouli." Healani raised her head from the stone tablets she was looking over.
      "Father doesn't want me to go far from the village," Aouli said sulkily. "All the young children have gone home, Father's busy like always, and all I can do now is visit you."
      "What about everyone who's the same age as you?" Healani asked mildly. "I'm sure they'd love to hang out with you."
      "I prefer to be on my own. I want to explore the oceans, and everyone else just wants to stay in the village."
      "Have you asked them?"
      "Well, no-"
      "Maybe some of them would like to go with you."
      "What have you been up to recently?" Aouli changed the topic. "I hope you haven't been working yourself too hard."
      "I've been trying to find a husband," Healani said lightly. "It's my responsibility to take a husband once I become high chief."
      "A husband?"
      "This is what happens when you don't pay attention to the village rules."
      "I'm not going to be high chief." Aouli swam upward to watch the last rays of sunlight fade from above the surface of the water. "I don't see why I need to pay attention to every single rule. We've got thousands of them-I know about half, and I think that should be enough for me to get around without falling into any trouble."
      "Half?" A smile tugged on the corners of Healani's lips. "That's a lot more than I gave you credit for." When Aouli didn't respond, Healani swam over. Her sea-glass hair wafted around her as she turned to face him. "You look like you've got something on your mind. What are you thinking about?"
      Aouli looked over at his sister. "The human girl I saw this morning-she was singing a song. That's what led me to her."
      "A song?"
      "It was beautiful."
      Healani tilted her head to the side. "There's plenty of people here who can sing."
      "I want to see the girl again. I want to know what she was singing."
      "The humans don't speak our language," Healani said gently. "You won't be able to understand her words."
      "I know." Aouli looked away. "I just . . . "
      Healani brushed her long hair over her shoulder. "How about this: if you behave and stay in the village for the next couple of days, I'll talk to Father about letting you leave on your own again."
      "You'd talk to Father?" Aouli asked excitedly as he looked up at his sister.
      Healani nodded.
      Aouli swam in a circle around his sister. "Thank you!"

~

	As his sister had said, Aouli was able to travel beyond the village after a few days. The first place he went was the beach, and he stuck his head out of the water to look at it from afar. It was empty, and a cool wind cut through the morning air. This was just around the same time he had seen the girl before.
	Aouli didn't have to wait long before the girl with the deep-red hair appeared from around one of the large structures that lined the sand. Aouli watched as she made her way down the stretch of beach. She was looking out over the water, but Aouli had made sure he was far enough from the shore not to be noticed.
	Sinking beneath the water's surface, Aouli made his way closer. The girl was singing again.
	Aouli remained in the water, listening to the girl's song until she went back the way she had come and finally vanished from sight.
    

    Chapter 5.5

Tomas Quevedo: Ruby?

Tomas Quevedo: Mari?

Tomas Quevedo: Grace? Tye?

Tomas Quevedo: Anyone here?

tyedyemaster_2000: Ruby hasn't responded to any of our messages ever since she was grounded. I think it's safe to say that she's still grounded.

Tomas Quevedo: Hi Tye. This is Tye right?

tyedyemaster_2000: Yeah this is Tye. Grace has been at her summer dance sessions. Classes are like six hours a day.

Tomas Quevedo: Six hours? But it's summer!

tyedyemaster_2000: Exactly. What's going on with Mari? She hasn't said anything for a long time.

Tomas Quevedo: I tried contacting her last night and she sent me a text saying that she was fine. She still reads the chat, though. Hmm... maybe we should change the topic.

tyedyemaster_2000: Okay. Uhh... it's June.

Tomas Quevedo: June? And...?

tyedyemaster_2000: You know, Pride Month.

Tomas Quevedo: So that's what you are getting at. Even though my parents are gay, I've given some thought about myself and I'm 99% sure I'm straight.

tyedyemaster_2000: No shame in that, brother.

tyedyemaster_2000 sent a private message to Tomas Quevedo: So when are you going to tell Mari that you like her?

SYSTEM: Tomas Quevedo is now offline.
    

    Chapter 6

	Mari sat up in bed as her phone buzzed on her nightstand. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and blinked at the smudges of black ink that rubbed off on her hand.
	Grimacing, Mari rose to her feet, ignoring her phone as she made her way to the bathroom. She made quick work of wiping off her makeup and grimaced even more at the dark circles that seemed to have permanently etched themselves under her eyes.
	School was over for now. So why hadn't the circles gone away?
	Mari trudged back to her room, only realizing halfway back that she had lost one of her fuzzy socks somewhere along the way. After deciding it would be better just to leave it, Mari returned to her room and closed the door behind her.
	After taking a seat on her bed, Mari reached for her phone. 100 new messages, the screen read. She stared blankly at the screen for a long moment before unlocking her phone. Most of the messages had come from the comment and private message sections on her blog. Drawing her knees to her chest, Mari read through the messages.
      The first message was just a string of rude emojis. Only ugly women are feminists, another read. Don't be shy, show us your face so we all can have a good laugh.
	Tapping into the private message channel, Mari began to scroll through the messages there. 
	KILL YOURSELF BITCH, the first one read.
	Will you be my girlfriend? another one said.
	After scrolling even further, Mari finally tossed her phone to the side and curled up under her blankets. Her parents got back from work around four, and until then, it was just her alone in the house.
	Many summers ago, she and Ruby had hung out nearly every day. They had gone to the park with their guitars and played for everyone walking through it. And on other days, Ruby would come over to Mari's house, and the two of them would play computer games together. But now Ruby was in Hawaii. Mari was happy for her, if not a little jealous.
      Mari closed her eyes. She needed to ignore the messages. She needed to disable the private message feature on her blog. But she couldn't bring herself to do it. What if someone wanted to have a genuine conversation? It had happened a few times in the past, and Mari had made a number of great online friends from it. Reading the messages was like an addiction.
	Mari wasn't even sure how so many people had found her blog. No, that was a lie too.
	Mari had put her information on a the wall in the classroom where she held her meetings. Anyone in any of those class periods could have typed in the address to her blog. Anyone in any of those class periods could have scanned the QR code. It scared her that the messages being sent to her could be from the very people she walked by every day at school. Except she would never know who they were even if they were standing right in front of her.
	It wasn't just her blog that was getting spammed with comments; all her other social media promoting her blog were too.
	Mari hadn't told her parents. She hadn't told her friends either. When she had been in a similar situation back in ninth grade, Ruby had helped her out of it. But this year, Ruby had been so busy with classwork that Mari didn't have the heart to bother her.
	Mari knew she had to be able to stand up for herself, and she knew all too well that she wasn't handling her own situation very well. Reading the comments was a very bad habit, but Mari couldn't help it. Without access to the internet, she felt cut off from the world. Isolated.
	Her middle school years hadn't exactly gone the way she had wanted them to. After graduating from elementary school, she and Ruby had ended up going to different middle schools. While Ruby quickly befriended Grace and Tye, the friends Mari had made in sixth grade turned out to be superficial. After they caused her more grief than necessary, Mari chose to no longer associate with them for the remainder of her middle school years.
	Now Mari had friends again. She had Ruby as her friend again. But there was some sort of disconnect between them. The two of them no longer did things together the way they used to. Mari enjoyed hanging out with Grace, Tye, and Tomas. She and Grace had connected pretty quickly, but Mari still had yet to hang out with Grace one on one outside of school due to Grace's packed schedule. Tye was fun to be around as well, but sometimes she found him a little intimidating because of how good of a student he was.
	And then there was Tomas. Mari really enjoyed being around Tomas.
	Suddenly Mari's phone buzzed, and she nearly jumped out of her skin. After timidly picking it up, Mari glanced at the message glowing on the screen. It was from Tomas.
	Are you alright? Tomas's message read.
	Mari quickly unlocked her phone and typed back, I'm fine. Mari's finger hovered over the send button for a moment before she paused, deleted the text, and wrote instead, Would you like to hang out today?
	Sure! Tomas's reply came almost instantly. Where? What time?
	Do you want to come over? Around five? My parents should be back from work by then.
	Sounds good.
	Mari set her phone down and stood up. She walked over to her window in a daze, pulled back the blinds, and winced in the light that flooded into her room. Turning to her mirror, she tugged at her hair. If she was going to have a guest over later, she should probably freshen up.
	After taking a shower, Mari was back in her room. She absently made her bed and then walked over to her desk. She sat down in front of her laptop. After logging into her favorite game, Mari instinctively clicked open her friend list, and out of habit, scrolled down to where Ruby's player tag was listed. Rosey_Whispers, the line of text read. Last online 583 days ago.
	After wandering aimlessly around the map for a good ten minutes, Mari closed the game and open the folder of articles she had been combing through for the new paper she was drafting. Then she paused. Maybe she should just leave the paper alone. If she didn't post anymore, the commenters on her blog would eventually stop commenting. No, Mari quickly shook her head. If she stopped, she'd just be giving in to what they wanted.
	With her fingers floating over the keys, Mari determinedly started to type.

~

	"Is it alright if Tomas comes over?" Mari asked her parents once the two of them arrived home.
	"Tomas?" Mari's dad blinked. "Of course. When? Today?"
	Mari shuffled her feet. "In about an hour or so."
	Mari's mom nodded her head. "Tomas has been over a couple of times before. What do the two of you plan to do?"
	"Probably either play video games or guitar like we did before."
	Mari's dad walked over to take a seat on their living room couch. "Tomas is a good kid. You should tell him to come over more often."

	~

	Tomas arrived at exactly five o'clock, and Mari hurried over to the door to greet him. After dipping his head respectively to Mari's parents, Mari pulled Tomas up the short flight of stairs to her room.
	"I brought my laptop," Tomas said proudly as he took a seat on the floor of Mari's room.
	"Would you like to play a song first together before we go online?" Mari asked as she brushed her twin braids over her shoulder.
	Tomas smiled faintly. "Let's do that."
	"I used to always play duets with Ruby," Mari recalled wistfully as she took her guitar from its stand before sitting down across from Tomas. "Ruby always played the melody, and I was the harmony."
	"Have you ever wanted to sing the melody yourself?"
	Mari shook her head. "I didn't mind singing harmony. Besides, I didn't have the confidence to sing the main vocals."
	"I actually prefer your singing to Ruby's," Tomas said quietly. "Ruby is a great singer. The two of you just have very different styles."
	Mari laughed, but Tomas just shook his head.
	"It's true."
	"Do you want to play the guitar?" Mari held her guitar out to Tomas. "I can sing."
	Tomas nodded. He took the instrument from Mari, checking to make sure it was in tune before looking up. "What shall we play?"
	"I have a folder of old pop songs Ruby and I used to sing together." Mari climbed to her feet. She pulled open the drawer on her nightstand and returned to her seat with the folder in hand. "I guess we can start with the first one here."
	And so Mari sang. Her voice blended perfectly with Tomas's chords. Before she knew it, the two of them had played through all of the songs in the folder.
	Mari clapped her hands together. "That was fun!"
	"It was," Tomas agreed. "I'm serious, you should take the melody in one of our jam sessions."
	Mari just let out a weak laugh. Suddenly her phone buzzed from where it was sitting on her bed.
	"What else did you and Ruby do?" Tomas asked, drawing Mari's attention away from her phone.
	"Ruby and I used to paint each other's nails." A smile tugged on the corners of Mari's lips. "Would you be willing to let me do your nails?"
	Tomas dropped his gaze. "You could do my toenails."
	"Really?" Mari asked excitedly. "Stay right here-I'll go get the nail polish from the bathroom." When she returned, she let Tomas pick a color (he picked orange) and then skillfully got to work painting them.
	"I've missed this," Mari lamented as she took a seat next to Tomas. She put the bottle of polish back in her box as the two of them waited for the polish to dry. "I'm sorry, Tomas. I hope I didn't make this too awkward for you."
	Tomas offered Mari a smile. "I don't mind. Really."
	"Do we still want to try and clear a dungeon?" Mari asked. "It is getting later."
	Tomas grinned. "I've always got time to try and clear a dungeon."

~

	"Hello." Mari's dad knocked on the door before pushing it open and sticking his head into the room. "It's nearly ten o'clock, kiddos."
	Mari blinked. She had completely lost track of the time. Tomas seemed to have as well from the way he guilty ran a hand through his dark hair.
	"Would you like a ride home?" Mari's dad asked Tomas.
	Tomas shut his laptop. "I didn't realize it had gotten this late. If you don't mind, I'd appreciate it."
	Mari closed her own laptop. "I'll join you for the car ride."
	The three of them made their way downstairs, and in the car, they sat quietly. Mari watched the city lights blur by outside the window. The reds and greens of the traffic lights cut through the fog.
	When they reached Tomas's house, Mari turned to him. "Thank you for coming over today," she said softly.
	Tomas smiled. "Would you like to hang out again tomorrow?" Mari nodded her head, and Tomas continued, "We can meet at my house. You can come over for lunch if you'd like. Isabelle has picked up cooking recently and would be happy to show off her skills."
	"I'd love to." Then waving one last time, Mari watched as Tomas walked over to the door of his house. He opened it and vanished inside.
	On the ride back, Mari's dad looked over at Mari in the mirror. "Ever since you and Ruby stopped hanging out, I was worried you were feeling lonely. But knowing you have a friend like Tomas, I feel relieved."
	Mari smiled faintly. "Me too."

~

	"What do we want to do today?" Tomas asked after Mari entered his house.
	"We could play video games and then play some music," Mari suggested. "I brought my laptop."
	Nodding, Tomas led the way to his room. After pushing the window open to let a cool breeze into the room, Tomas and Mari took a seat on the floor and logged into their accounts. Mari had already cleared all the major dungeons, and now the two of them were making their way through the smaller ones.
	"Watch out!" Tomas called as his fingers flew over the keys. "The boss is attacking from the right!"
	Mari swiftly maneuvered away from the tree demon the two of them were fighting and ducked under the barrage of branches it whipped at her. "That was a close call."
	Tomas's avatar leaped forward and threw a flaming fireball to disintegrate the branches.
	"That's a new skill," Mari said excitedly, restoring her own health with a healing spell as she looked on.
	Tomas grinned. "I just maxed it this morning. I don't know how I'd ever be able to use any of the other classes. The wizard's skill set is something else."
	"The witch and wizard combination is quite powerful. I remember when I was first playing the game with Ruby, I decided to pick a magic class, and Ruby picked a non-magic one. We thought that would have been the best combination for a duo, but witch and wizard are much more efficient."
	There was a knock on the door, and Isabelle stuck her head in. "Hello, screenagers."
	"You're one to talk," Tomas addressed his sister without looking up from his laptop. "I swear when I pass your room at four in the morning, I can still see the glow of your computer from under your door."
	"I'm going to make lunch." Isabelle turned, and her voice floated back to them as she made her way down the short hallway. "Remember to rest your eyes."
	"Isabelle does have a point." Mari closed the lid of her laptop before rising to her feet.
	"Should we play some music, then?" Tomas suggested as Mari offered him a hand to help him up.
	Mari beamed. "I was thinking the same thing."
	In the basement, Mari picked up the guitar, and Tomas took a seat behind the keyboard.
	Mari turned to Tomas expectantly. "What do we want to play?"
	"I just finished the first draft of a new song. I wrote it as a guitar and keyboard duet and was wondering if you'd like to sing the short segment in the middle. I haven't written any lyrics yet, but the melody is there."
	"I'd be honored," Mari said as Tomas passed her a sheet of score paper. "One day you're going to be famous, and I'll be able to say that we were friends!"
	
~

	After playing through Tomas's song a few times and helping him record a demo, Mari followed Tomas back upstairs. Isabelle had prepared lunch for them, and Mari found it very amusing to see Tomas's sister out of the natural environment that was her bedroom. It turned out that Isabelle was quite a good cook. Mari and Tomas returned to the latter's room to kill time after the two of them helped Isabelle with the dishes.
	"Shall we go back online?" Tomas asked. "We've still got a few more bosses to get past before we've cleared the dungeon."
	Mari logged back into her own account. "We've got this-the bosses don't stand a chance against our combined powers!"
	"The flame giant is the first one," Tomas pointed out. "Let's go."
	Colors flashed across the screen as Mari and Tomas pelted the flaming giant with magic. Suddenly, Mari froze as her eyes fell on something just beyond the screen of her laptop. "Spider!" Mari jumped up as if struck by lighting.
	"Spider?" Panic laced Tomas's voice as he too jumped up to scan the room.
	"Look, look!" Mari pointed wildly at the tiny spider scuttling around on the carpet.
	"It's coming towards us!" Tomas panicked and hurried backward onto his bed as if the spider couldn't get him there. "Over here!"
	Mari jumped onto the bed next to Tomas. Her eyes were still glued to the spider. "Good thinking-I don't think it can get us here."
	"Oh no!" Tomas exclaimed as he pointed to the laptops the two of them had discarded in their haste. "Look, the boss is killing us."
	Mari sighed. "It's fine. Look at us, defeated by a tiny spider."
	Tomas turned to Mari, seeming to get over some of his initial shock. "I didn't know you were afraid of spiders too."
	Mari let out a weak laugh. "I didn't know you were afraid of spiders either."
	"I've had some bad experiences with them." Tomas eyed the spider on the carpet. "Isabelle really hated them when the two of us were younger, so whenever she found one in the house, she'd make me take them outside. At the time I didn't really mind them. But then one day, one of those spiders crawled up my sleeve when I was trying to take it outside. When I couldn't find it, I started to panic. I woke up in the middle of the night with it crawling on my head, and since then, I've refused to go near spiders."
	"Oh no!"
	"It was definitely an unpleasant surprise. Anyway, we should probably figure out a way to get it outside."
	"Is there anything we could use to scoop up the spider? Like a book or something?"
	"Here." Tomas leaned forward to reach under his bed. He pulled out the first book he could reach. "What about this one?"
	"Perfect." Mari took the book (Taking Chord Progressions to the Next Level, Book 2) from Tomas before sliding off the bed to slowly tip-toe toward the spider.
	"Be careful," Tomas called.
	Gingerly bending down, Mari held the book in front of the spider until it had uncertainly scuttled onto the surface. Then hurrying over to the open window, Mari shook the spider off into the bushes beyond.
	Tomas was at her side in an instant and pulled the window shut. "It must have come in through the window." He frowned at the glass. "I'm going to talk to my moms about getting some kind of screen for it."
	The two of them just stood there in front of the window for a long moment before simultaneously bursting out into laughter.
	"And we've defeated the most difficult boss yet!" Tomas laughed.
	"The boss was no match for our combined powers," Mari said proudly.
	Tomas was smiling as nodded in agreement.
	"Do we want to go for a walk?" Mari suggested. "We've been sitting for hours."
	After saying goodbye to Isabelle, Mari and Tomas exited the house. They made their way up the block and slowly made their way toward the top of the hill.
	"Have there been any changes in your mom's situation at the office?" Mari asked lightly.
	"One of her co-workers reached out to her," Tomas informed her. "Apparently said co-worker had seen what was going on and finally mustered enough courage to tell my mom that she was not alone. My mom's getting ready to leave, and that co-worker has been doing some research into their boss's background. Turns out he's had a history of trying to get favors from female workers in exchange for promotions."
	"It's good that she's going to leave that place. I can tell that she isn't happy there. What sort of new work has she been looking at?"
	"More office tech jobs. She's got to put her degree to use somewhere."
	The two of them reached the top of the hill and looked out at the rows of houses in front of them. After a while, they turned to look at the buildings in the opposite direction that rose up from the ground to touch the sky.
	"Apparently cats eat spiders," Mari said absently as they watched the distant sun cut through the fog. It reflected off the glass windows of the skyscrapers.
	"If that's the case, I need a cat."
	"I've always wanted a cat, but my dad's allergic to them."
	Continuing on their way down the hill, Mari and Tomas turned to return to Tomas's house. Isabelle had disappeared back into her room by the time they arrived, and the house was quiet.
	"What happens now?" Mari asked as the two of them stood in the living room. But then her phone vibrated in her pocket.
	"You don't have to look at that if you don't want to," Tomas said quietly.
	Mari sighed. "I know. I had blocked a bunch of the spammers, but they always have their ways of coming back." Then she trailed off. "Wait, how did you know that I've been getting spammed?"
	"It wasn't hard to see that something was going on online," Tomas pointed out.
	"Was it that obvious?"
	"It's the same thing that happened in ninth grade, isn't it." Tomas held out a hand. Mari gingerly passed her phone over to him.
	"You knew it early on, didn't you." Mari blinked as it suddenly struck her. "Back at school, you were always trying your best to distract me from reading the messages."
	"I've seen the comments people have been leaving on your blog," Tomas admitted. "Some of them are quite nasty, and I've reported a good number of them."
	"I didn't know you followed my blog that closely." Mari stood next to Tomas and looked over his shoulder as he scrolled through the comments. "I remember that Ruby stopped looking at it a year or so after I launched it."
	"I've been reading it." Tomas looked up from the glowing screen to meet Mari's gaze.
	Mari walked over to take a seat on the couch and absently tugged on one of her twin braids.
	Tomas frowned. "Some of these are really awful."
	"Are you looking at the private messages?" Mari asked lightly.
	"I'm deleting these for you," Tomas said stiffly.
	"Go ahead."
	"Here." Tomas finally handed Mari's phone back after a good five minutes of silent scrolling. "I've disabled all comments and the private chat. I think it's for the best. When they realize that they can't send any more hate, they'll leave and focus their attacks on someone else. Then once they're gone, you can turn the comments back on."
	"Thank you," Mari said softly as she took her phone back. "I shouldn't have let things get this far-I should have blocked all of them ages ago. I think for the rest of the summer I should try not to spend as much time on my phone. It's really starting to drive me crazy."
	"I started to feel the same way whenever I spent too much time scrolling aimlessly through social media," Tomas said knowingly. "Then I uninstalled them all, and life's never been better."
	Mari let out a breath. "Maybe I should do that too."
	Both Mari and Tomas's phones vibrated at the same time. Tomas sat down next to Mari and showed her the message that had flashed across it. "Look, it's Tilden."

    Chapter 6.5

Tomas Quevedo: Tilden!!

Tomas Quevedo: How long has it been now? Years? Decads?? Centuries???

Tomas Quevedo: Is today the day you'll finally send us a picture of San??

Zhang T: Now I'm a little concerned. I see Tomas's name, but I can tell that this isn't Tomas.

Tomas Quevedo: Looks like I've been found out haha

Zhang T: Hello there, Mari. Don't tell me you've stolen Tomas's phone.

Tomas Quevedo: I won't tell you then.

Tomas Quevedo: Okay, okay. I'm just kidding. Tomas and I are hanging out.

~graceful~: Must be nice not to have any summer classes.

Tomas Quevedo: Grace!!

~graceful~: Hi Mari! How's it going, Tilden?

Zhang T: Did all of you see the message I sent about how I'm thinking of taking a flight to visit the city?

Tomas Quevedo: Yes!! When are you coming?

Zhang T: I'm not too sure yet. I'll still have to figure out how it's going to work. I don't think my parents want me back in their house just yet.

~graceful~: I'd offer for you to come and stay with Tye and me at our apartment, but we already don't have a whole lot of extra space as it is.

Tomas Quevedo: Tomas is saying that you're welcome to stay at his house. I'm offering too-I'm sure my parents wouldn't mind.

Zhang T: Thank you guys, truly. All of you are too sweet. I'll keep you updated.

~graceful~: So... are you going to bring San with you?

    Chapter 7

	Tomas sat alone in his room, staring down at the different endings he had written for his song. Even though his laptop lay on his bed beside him, Tomas still preferred to write everything out by hand and then copy it over later.
	Mari had left no more than ten minutes ago, and Tomas hoped that, for her sake, she would try to stay off her phone as much as possible in the upcoming days. While reading through the private messages on Mari's blog, he had been disgusted by what he had seen. The most unsettling part about the messages was how some of the senders seemed to know quite a lot about Mari-even more so than she had put in her profile.
	Looking through his papers again, Tomas carefully decided on the proper ending. He walked over to the window and looked out at the wall of the neighbor's house. Maybe one day if he became a successful musician, he'd have enough money to rent an apartment somewhere where he could see the sky from his window.
	Tomas let out a humorless laugh as he turned away from the glass. If he really chose the path of a musician, he would undoubtedly be living at his parents' house for the rest of his life. Tomas could see himself in the future working an average desk job during the day. When he returned home late at night, he would have a short amount of time to play his instruments as quietly as possible to avoid waking and angering the neighbors.
	Tomas didn't want that to be his future, but he'd be foolish to hope for a better one. It had been something Tomas foolishly hoped for and fantasized about back in middle school. One day I'll have my name in lights, and then I'll have lots of friends, had been Tomas's thought process at the time. Sometimes, it was still something Tomas thought about, but more in a wistful sense than a serious one.
	Now Tomas had friends. Four very wonderful friends. But Tomas knew that his time together with them would come to an end eventually. They only had one more year before they were all off to college. Grace wanted to go to New York to pursue her dancing, Tye had his eyes on the Ivy Leagues, and Ruby was unlikely to stay in San Francisco. As of now, Mari still wasn't sure where she wanted to go.
	Tomas sat down on the floor of his room and stared absently at the posters covering the walls. He had put them up back in middle school when he started getting serious about music and hadn't changed the decorations since.
	Ever since Tomas entered high school, his social life had taken a turn for the better. He was fortunate to end up in several of the same classes as Ruby. After learning about Tomas's passion for music, Ruby quickly introduced him to her brother. Meeting Tilden was one of Tomas's best memories in ninth grade. Tilden had acted as an older brother to all of Ruby's friends, humoring them and helping them through school. Tomas hadn't met anyone with the same passion for music that Tilden possessed at the time, and it had been very inspiring.
	But the memory of ninth grade that Tomas treasured the most was the one of meeting Mari. Tomas had just finished his last class of the day and was heading to band practice when he heard the sound of singing coming from one of the practice rooms. The voice was accompanied by the strumming of a guitar.
	Tomas had lingered in the hallway for a minute, listening to the singing. When he finally forced himself to continue on his way, he passed the practice room and glanced inside to see Mari. He still remembered how Mari had stopped singing and how her hands stilled over the strings of her guitar as she looked up at him in surprise. Tomas still remembered how he had panicked and hurried away down the hall like an idiot.
	It had been a week after the incident that Ruby introduced Mari to Tomas. Mari had enthusiastically pointed to Tomas the moment she saw him, exclaiming that she had seen him before, and Tomas hastily explained that he was also a music student.
	The more Tomas got to know Mari, the more he realized that he enjoyed her company. As of now, things had gotten to the point where Tomas wasn't sure what life beyond high school would look like without Mari's presence.
	Tomas enjoyed listening to Mari talk and watching the way her eyes would light up when she spoke about the research she had done for a new article or discussed a new strategy that could be used in their gameplay. Ever since that first day Tomas had heard Mari sing, a year had passed until he heard Mari sing again. When they formed their own band, Mari had eagerly nominated Ruby for the position of singer, and Mari herself hadn't started to sing the harmony until just earlier this year.
	Tomas hadn't consciously realized that he might like Mari as more than just a friend until Tye had pointed it out.
	Did he like Mari in a way beyond just being friends? Tomas himself still wasn't completely sure. What would happen once high school was over would be a different story, but for now, Tomas still had one more year with to spend her. One year was plenty of time, he reassure himself. And maybe within that year, he'd get his feelings sorted out. If the two of them weren't meant to be, Tomas hoped that they could part on a good note.
	"Everything alright in here?" Isabelle popped her head through the open doorway. "It's kind of stuffy . . . how about we open the window?"
	"No," Tomas said quickly as he jumped to his feet. "No, let's not."
	"Alright, then," Isabelle said, but her brows were raised nonetheless.
	"I think I'm going to head back down to the basement. I want to make another demo recording."
	"Relax." Isabelle stepped aside to let Tomas pass through the doorway. "It's summer. You should play something for yourself, yes?"
	Nodding, Tomas made his way to the basement and took a seat behind the keyboard. Lightly placing his fingers on the keys, Tomas looked up at the sheet music he had left on one of the stands in front of it. It had been something he had been looking at for the jazz band. Tomas removed the stack of papers from the stand and transferred them to the boxes he had been meaning to sort through for many weeks now.
	Letting his mind drift, Tomas let his hands glide over the keys as he played through all the scales and arpeggios stored in his brain. After that, he played through a couple of the pieces he had previously memorized before spending the rest of his time improvising.
	He wasn't sure how long he had been playing, but when he finally looked up, Isabelle was leaning against the doorframe in her usual laid-back manner. "Moms are back," Isabelle informed him. "We're going out to dinner tonight."
	"Did something happen?" Tomas racked his brain for any possible birthday or holiday they could be celebrating, but ended up drawing a blank anyway. "What's the occasion?"
	"Mami resigned," Isabelle said in satisfaction. "She reached out to a number of other companies, and it turned out most of them got back to her pretty quickly with their offers. She just had to take her pick."
	Tomas jumped up. "She did? That's great!"
	Isabelle grinned. "Come on. We're going to go celebrate."

~

	During the car ride to the restaurant, Tomas looked out the window to watch Ruby's house pass by. All the lights were off, and the curtains were drawn over the windows. Come to think of it, Tomas wasn't quite sure what it was exactly that Ruby's dad did for a living. All he knew was that in the more recent years, Mr. Zhang had gained a lot of money very quickly. And for what Mrs. Zhang did for a living, Tomas knew even less.
	When they arrived at the restaurant, Tomas sat quietly after they ordered and listened to the conversation between his moms and Isabelle.
      "Everything alright?" Isabelle turned to him, taking note of Tomas's silence. "You seem really spacey today. More so than usual."
      "I'm fine," Tomas reassured her with a faint smile.
      "Are you thinking about college stuff?"
      "I'm trying not to think too much about the future right now."
      "Worst comes to worst, you could also get a degree online like me."
      "Yeah, at least that's always an option."
      "Your food is here." Their waiter came over to the table. "Please enjoy."
      Once the waiter had walked away, Tomas shook his head in an attempt to clear it. He didn't need to think about the future right at this moment.
      Smiling, Tomas joined the conversation with his moms as the sky outside the restaurant windows slowly faded to night.
      
~

	By the time Tomas returned home, the fog had cleared, and the moon shone brightly in the sky-but still not as brightly as the city lights. After spending an hour or so watching a movie with his family, Tomas headed off to his room to get ready to go to bed.
	Standing alone in the dark room, Tomas's phone gave a soft buzz. Tomas pulled it out and the light from the screen illuminated his face. It was a text from Mari. Would you like to hang out again tomorrow? the text read. Or maybe you wouldn't since we already hung out yesterday and the day before . . . 
	Quickly opening the chat, Tomas typed back, I'd love to hang out. What place? What time?
	Oh good, good, Mari's message came almost instantly. I was worried I was starting to be a bother.
	You're not a bother, Mari, Tomas typed. How about we go to the park? There's going to be clear skies tomorrow.
	Perfect! I'll see you there then.
	Weren't you trying to spend less time on your phone?
	This is the first time I've looked at it since I left your house, don't worry! Anyway, Goodnight Tomas!
	Goodnight Mari.
	Tomas reread their conversation before turning his phone. The room fell into darkness once again, and Tomas set his phone down on his desk before making his way over to the light switch.
	He had to admit that it still felt weird to have so much free time for himself. The stress of finals was finally over, but now there was a sort of emptiness in a way. The summer was long, and at the end of that tunnel was twelfth grade-the last stop before he had to finally step off the train of his childhood. What the next stop looked like-what adulthood looked like for him, Tomas could only speculate.
	He once had goals for the future and for his music. But the more he looked at things from a realistic perspective, the more unrealistic those goals seemed to be. The larger the scale of the goals he set, the less likely he was to meet any of them. So instead, he decided to focus on the small things. Tomas changed into his pajamas, climbed into bed, and hoped that he wouldn't find any spiders in his room when he woke.

~

	"Ruby and I used to go to the park a lot," Mari said as the two of them walked along the sidewalk. "At that time, we'd go every weekend, but we couldn't spend much time there due to the fact Ruby always had a piles of Chinese homework to finish."
	"Sometime after Ruby gets back from Hawaii, you should give her a call and ask her if she wants to go to the park."
	Mari shook her head as she offered Tomas a sad smile. "She wouldn't want to go to the park anymore. It's been too long now."
	"You never know. Look over there-doesn't that cloud look a little bit like a lion?"
	"Where, where?" Mari asked eagerly. Tomas pointed, and Mari quickly followed his finger to the group of fluffy white clouds.
	"You're right!" Mari laughed. "I can see the head and mane!"
	Tomas smiled at Mari's enthusiasm as he pointed to a smaller cloud that had broken away from the large cluster. "What do you think that one looks like?"
	"The little one over there?" Mari squinted against the sun, narrowing her eyes. "A turtle maybe?"
	"I can see it being a turtle." Tomas nodded in agreement. "The round part on the top is the shell, and then the head, tail, and legs stick out."
	"Exactly," Mari said proudly. "It's been a while since we've had clear skies. It finally feels like summer. You know what would make it feel even more like summer? Ice cream! I brought some money in case we decided to get anything today. It will be my treat."
	"Do you have any specific place in mind?"
	"If I remember correctly, there should be one just a few blocks from here. It's on the way to the park."
	"What's your favorite ice cream flavor?" Tomas asked curiously.
	"Sorbets are always good," Mari said thoughtfully. "Strawberry sorbet is good-not strawberry ice cream, though. Strawberry ice cream tends to taste off . . . but I think I like lemon the best. Ruby would always get the mint-chocolate chip. I remember never really liking the mint-chocolate chip."
	"I'm not particularly fond of mint-chocolate chip either," Tomas admitted. "And I'm glad that I'm not the only one who thinks the strawberry ice cream is weird. It tastes artificial. Almost reminiscent of the cheap cough medicine you can buy at the market."
	Mari clapped her hands together. "Exactly!"
	"It's my sister's favorite, though. Everyone has different tastes."
	"What about you?" Mari asked expectantly. "What's your favorite flavor?"
	"Vanilla."
	"Vanilla is good." Mari nodded her head approvingly. "Everyone loves vanilla-it's a classic."
	"Isabelle likes to poke fun at me because of it. I remember in elementary school when the class went on the last day of school to get ice cream, my classmates laughed at me for being boring."
	"Don't listen to them-vanilla is great!"
	Before long, the two of them found themselves outside the small ice cream parlor, and they got in line to order. Even though Tomas already knew what he was going to pick, he looked up at the chalkboard of flavors anyway. Cotten candy and birthday cake had been added since the last time he had gotten ice cream, and Tomas found himself eyeing the flavors wearily.
	When he and Mari arrived at the counter, Mari motioned for him to order first. "One cone of vanilla, please."
	"What?" The woman standing behind the counter leaned forward. The combination of the chatter in the store and Tomas's already quiet voice had seemed to render him completely inaudible.
	"We'll have two cones of vanilla, please." Mari beamed up at the women. Nodding, the woman shuffled off to scoop the ice cream.
	Tomas looked over at Mari. "You're getting vanilla too?"
	Mari just smiled. "I don't see why not. I used to really enjoy it as a kid. Talking with you today made me remember how much I miss it."
	When the woman returned, Mari handed over a ten-dollar bill, and the two of them left the shop after Mari dropped the handful of change into the plastic tip jar.
	"Summer at last," Mari sighed as they continued on their way to the park with their ice creams in hand. Then she smiled as she turned to Tomas. "This feels a little bit like a date, doesn't it?"
	"A date?"
	"Like in the movies."
	"If this was a date," Tomas started slowly, uncertainly, "what would you make of it?"
	Mari looked up at the sky. "I've never been on a date before." Tomas watched her-watched the way the sky reflected in Mari's brown eyes. "I fell like dates are more of a thing adults do."
	"Yeah." Tomas nodded his head, unsure of what kind of response he had expected. Should he should tell Mari how he felt about wanting to spend more time with her even beyond high school? No, what if he put a strain on their friendship? The two of them were friends-just friends. And that was fine. As long as Mari was happy, Tomas was happy. And if that meant continuing to be Mari's good friend, that was what he'd continue to do.
	When they arrived at the park, they sat down on the grass, chatting as they finished their ice cream.
	"You know"-Mari clasped her hands together behind her back once she had finished the last of her waffle cone-"I sometimes wonder what will happen to all of us once we graduate high school. Once we graduate college."
	Tomas smiled faintly at Mari. "You want to be a journalist. You're going to have a great future awaiting you."
	"I don't know about a great future, but I do know that once you're a famous musician, I'll stop by to write articles about you. By then, you'll probably have become so famous that you won't remember me."
	"I'll always remember you," Tomas said quickly before he realized he was voicing his thoughts out loud.
	"You're sweet, you know that?" Mari lowered her gaze from the sky to meet Tomas's. "I'm not sure what I did to deserve a friend like you. I-I think I'm really going to miss you after high school."
	"If we end up going to schools on different sides of the country, you can always send me a text. I will respond."
	"You're right." Mari let out a weak laugh. "No matter where anyone is in the world, we can still keep in contact with them. I think I've just been worrying too much."
	"What are you worrying about?"
	Mari sighed. "I've been in a place where I didn't have any friends before. You know as well as I do that it's difficult to get through school without friends. College will be the same as well, as work after it. In elementary school, I had a great friend. But it was only after I entered middle school without her that I realized I had taken that fact for granted. Making friends there was difficult-I couldn't connect with any of them the same way I did with Ruby. I know you had a similar middle school experience."
	"We're not in middle school anymore, though," Tomas said. "We don't have to go back there ever again."
	Mari dropped her gaze. "School is difficult sometimes. The hours feel long. Endless. But what happens when it does end? We've only got one more year, Tomas. But . . . I like the way things are now. I like the way things are with Ruby and Grace and Tye and you."
	Tomas let out a sigh as a cool wind picked up. "I feel that way too. The future is always an unknown. And the unknown is frightening."
	Mari tugged on one of her twin braids. "But it's also alluring in a way. What if we really are able to go out there and make names for ourselves? You know, let's not think about the future right now. We still have the present, don't we?"
	Tomas nodded. "Hey, did you hear that we're going to get a new limited-time level with special drops?"
	"Really?" Mari's eyes lit up. "Oh, that's right! There's always limited edition stuff in the summer. I wonder what it is this time? Cosmetics like last year? Or something actually useful?"
	"Here, let me show you the announcement." Tomas pulled out his phone and scrolled to where he had bookmarked the page.
	Mari frowned at the text glowing on the screen. "New dyes for hair and armor? I get that some people obsess over those things, but I still remember how two summers ago they introduced all of those new weapons. The hype surrounding the game then was more than I'd seen it in a very long time."
	"It's been too long since they've given us a chance to get new weapons," Tomas lamented. "It seems like cosmetics always make them the most money, so that's always the way they go."
	"We should try to get some of them anyway. That way we could sell them at the marketplace for a high price later. The longer we wait after the event ends, the price will just keep going up and up."
	"That's a good idea. We're getting short on potions anyway. The money will be useful."
	Mari clapped her hands together. "It's a plan! I hope you don't regret it since now we're going to be spending a lot of time together this summer."
	"I'm looking forward to it."

~

	That night, Tomas sat alone in his room with the screen of his laptop glowing up at him. He squinted at the tiny letters and blinked as the words swayed before his eyes. Maybe this was a sign-a sign that he either needed glasses after all, or he needed to go to sleep.
	Opening a new tab, Tomas typed, How to know if you're falling in love with someone. His finger hovering over the enter key, Tomas paused. What was he even doing? Tomas moved his fingers over to the delete key instead, but found himself hesitating again.
	Pressing the enter key, Tomas scrolled through the results and scanned the links. No, this was no good. After quickly closing the tab, Tomas shut the lid of the laptop. He hadn't practiced yet today. That was what he'd do.
	Tomas sat in front of the keyboard in the basement. He stared absently at the wall, deep in thought. Even though it was summer and he actually had time to access his feelings, Tomas still found himself drawing a blank.
	After standing up again, Tomas turned and hurried back to his room. He'd ask Tye for advice. Tomas picked up his phone and scrolled to Tye's contact. No, it was late. Tye probably wasn't even awake anymore. Maybe Ruby would have advice. Ruby always had advice. Tomas scrolled down to Ruby's contact instead, but then it struck him that Ruby was in Hawaii and still hadn't gotten her phone back.
	Finally, Tomas set his phone down, climbed into bed, and pulled the covers over his head.



    Chapter 7.5

~graceful~: So... I'm in the hospital right now.

MariMariMari!!: What??? What happened??!! Are you okay?

~graceful~: Yeah it's nothing too serious. I sort of fell on my foot weirdly during dance, but since it didn't hurt much, I thought nothing of it. It was only after I got home that I realized I couldn't walk up the stairs. My parents seemed to think it was something serious. They drove me to the hospital, but the doctor said it would be better in a couple of weeks as long as I stay off it.

MariMariMari!!: Oh no! But that means you're going to be missing your dance classes!

~graceful~: I really thought I'd be more devastated than it than I actually feel right now. I'm just glad I didn't break anything.

Tomas Quevedo: I think it's probably a much-needed break.

~graceful~: I return home tonight and I'll be stuck there for quite some time with my new crutches.

MariMariMari!!: We can come and visit you, Grace. Don't worry!

Tomas Quevedo: Come to think of it, this isn't the first time you've injured yourself dancing before.

~graceful~: Yeah... I used to play soccer, and after an accident happened with some collision then, one of my legs has always been slightly messed up. That old injury keeps acting up when I least expect it.

MariMariMari!!: Just let us know when you want us to visit and we'll be right over!

Tomas Quevedo: Yeah, just let us know.

~graceful~: Thank you guys, really.

MariMariMari!!: It's summer-use this as an excuse to relax a little.

~graceful~: That sounds nice in theory, but I don't know too much about relaxing. I've been putting off my college stuff for too long. Oh god. College. Alkasdfjk;asjfasldfjasd



    Chapter 8

      Over the past few days, Ruby had returned to the beach every morning. In fact, she spent the majority of her time on the beach, apart from when she would wander down the road and explore the numerous stores. Every morning, her dad left Ruby some cash before he left for his meetings, and once Ruby saved up enough, the first thing she did was rent a bike.
      Now that she was in Maui, Ruby wanted to make the most of it. Since her parents didn't have the time to take her sightseeing, she would do it herself. It was at times like this that Ruby wished she had a driver's license. A number of her classmates had one, but she had always been too busy to get around to it.
      Ruby let out a soft sigh as she sat on the fine sand of the beach. Her flip-flops lay discarded some distance away. Singsing ran over to Ruby. The puppy was panting, and her paws were caked with sand.
      "I'm glad you go to come along. Am I crazy, Singsing? I could have sworn I saw something the first day I came down here," Ruby mused more to herself than the dog. "It was something glittery. Could it have been some sort of sea animal? Some sort of hidden treasure?" Ruby tipped her head back to breathe in the warm, humid air. Had she really thought that by coming out to the water each day, she'd really see what had shimmered there in the water? For all she knew, it could have just been the light reflecting off the water's surface.
      Ruby rested her chin on her palms. She wondered how her friends were doing. Would they see the same brilliant blue sky as her? Or would the colors still be hidden behind a blanket of fog?
      Even though Ruby had been to beaches back in San Francisco, the waters hadn't been nearly as vibrant as the ones here in Hawaii. They didn't have the same turquoise hues. The islands were so bright and colorful. The island wasn't bustling in the same way as San Francisco, but it was busy in a different sort of way-busy in how the birds were always the first to wake, chirping relentlessly even long after the sun had risen.
      Singsing started barking. Ruby blinked and looked over at the puppy in surprise. Singsing rarely made any noises, but the dog was fixated on something in the distance-fixated on something in the water.
      "What is it, girl?" Ruby asked as she rose to her feet. A turtle maybe? "Hey, wait!"
      Singsing had dashed off into the water and was now paddling out into the ocean. Sprinting after the puppy, Ruby waded into the water. She carefully reached out for Singsing, but whenever her hands were about to close around the puppy's soaking fur, Singsing would paddle faster and slip out of her reach.
      Furrowing her brow in concentration, Ruby found herself having to tread carefully over the slippery rocks. And before she knew it, she was up to her waist in the water, but Singsing was still paddling forward.
      "Where are you going?" Ruby asked in exasperation as she made another attempt to snatch up the puppy. It was a good thing the water was warm.
      Suddenly, a pair of hands reached up from the water. They carefully closed around Singsing, and Ruby looked on in shock as a boy around her age emerged from the waves with Singsing safely cradled in his sun-kissed arms.
      "I-" Ruby just stared at him. She must have been so focused on catching Singsing that she hadn't noticed the boy at all. Judging from his bare chest, he must have been swimming in the water and caught Singsing's attention.
      The boy just smiled and held Singsing out to Ruby.
      Ruby stared before finally snapping back to reality and took the puppy from him. The most curious thing about the boy was how his long hair was the color of sea-glass. But then Ruby almost let out a laugh. What was so curious about his hair color when she had dyed her own hair deep red?
      "Thank you," Ruby said gratefully.
      The boy just blinked at Ruby before he shook his head.
      "You don't speak English?"
      The boy just looked at Ruby blankly.
      Singsing was still in her arms, so with some difficulty, Ruby pressed her hands together in a gesture of gratitude as she bowed her head.
      This time the boy seemed to get what she was trying to say and offered Ruby a smile. Then he raised an arm and pointed first to Ruby and then to the sandy beach behind her.
      Ruby turned to look over her shoulder. The boy seemed to be telling her to go back to the shore. Ruby nodded her head and took a step back, but she paused when the boy himself didn't move.
      The boy's sea-glass hair was plastered to his brown skin as he shook his head. He pointed to Ruby again, then pointed at the beach. He pointed at himself and shook his head.
      He wanted Ruby to go back to the beach. But the boy himself wasn't going to go back. Maybe Ruby had interrupted his swim and he planned to keep going until he reached his destination. After offering him a smile, Ruby lifted a hand in farewell as she took another step toward the shore.
      The boy raised one of his own hands before gesturing again for Ruby to go back to the beach.
      Turning, Ruby carefully waded back through the water. When she reached the powdery sands of the beach, she set Singsing down and threw her hands in front of her face as the puppy shook out her white coat.
      "You swam all the way out there for a swimmer?" Ruby asked with a sigh. "I've never seen you get this worked up before."
      Singsing just let out a whine as she stared out at the water. Ruby turned to follow the puppy's gaze to find that the boy had vanished.
      If Ruby was going off the boy's appearance alone, he looked like he could be a local. If she ever saw him while she was off exploring the island, she'd make sure to wave.
      "Do you think he's who I noticed the other day?" Ruby wondered aloud as she made her way back to the house. She had one hand holding her flip flops, and the other was in her windswept hair. "Maybe it was someone swimming in very reflective swimwear?"
      When Ruby arrived at the house, she quickly rinsed the sand from her feet with the spout by the back door before hurrying inside to change her clothes. Even though it was a warm afternoon, Ruby was beginning to feel the bite of the wind through the waterlogged fabric of her shorts.
      After she changed, Ruby made sure Singsing was comfortably asleep in the living room before heading outside to take a bike ride to the shopping center. She relished the way the wind kissed her face and set her hair flying out from beneath her helmet as she peddled down the road.
      Ruby arrived at the shopping. Instead of buying lunch like she had the previous day, this time after Ruby parked her bike, she spent time going from shop to shop to pick out some small souvenirs for her friends. But before she had picked out something for all of them, Ruby found herself getting sidetracked by all the fun little things the stores had to show.
      In the end, Ruby ended up spending hours trying on clothing and looking through baskets of refrigerator magnets. When she was finally satisfied with her selection of souvenirs, Ruby returned to her bike. Even after all that looking, she really hadn't bought much of anything.
      The sun was beginning to set, and the brilliant blue of the sky faded into shades of deep pink and orange before finally touching on an even darker purple. Ruby walked her bike down the sidewalk. Being here in Hawaii . . . it really did feel like summer.
      Even the nights here on the island felt different. The night was clearer, and there were stars glittering in the sky. Ruby inhaled, and the warm night air filled her lungs. The air itself felt cleaner.
      By the time Ruby returned to the house, her parents' rental car was back in the driveway. She entered the house to find the two of them sitting at the dining room table finishing their dinners.
      "Have you eaten yet?" Ruby's mom asked as she looked up at her daughter. "Your dad and I got take-out on the way back from his conference. It's on the kitchen counter."
      Ruby made her way to the kitchen and dished herself out a plate of food. But by the time she returned to the dining room table, her parents had already finished and left the table.
      Ruby ate her dinner alone. When she was done, she washed her plate and then made her way upstairs. After setting the bag of items she had bought on the desk in her room, Ruby rummaged through it for the small item she had bought for herself. It was a small bottle of turquoise nail polish. The color had reminded Ruby of the ocean.
      Ruby took a seat on the floor. She painted her toes first and then skillfully did her fingers. When she finished, she made her way to the desk, blowing lightly on her nails as she gazed out the window at the night sky. Once her nails dried, she would write another letter, and in this one, she would talk about the boy who had helped her catch Singsing. Meeting the boy had definitely been the most interesting thing that had happened all week.

~

	Ruby awoke to the sound of raised voices arguing downstairs. After rolling out of bed, Ruby made her way to the staircase to listen to what the fuss was about.
	"The nerve of him!" Ruby's dad as saying angrily in Mandarin. "Stevenson claimed that he couldn't make it to the meeting because his flight was delayed, but apparently he arrived on the island two days ago! Our conference has been postponed because of him! Who does he think he is?"
	"Calm down," Ruby's mom replied in Cantonese. "You know what kind of character Mr. Stevenson is. Ever since he joined the company, he has been competing against you. He's trying to make your life difficult. Don't let him do that."
	"He doesn't care about the company. If he's promoted, all the hard work we've put in over the years will go down the drain!"
	Ruby's mom sighed. "You just need to prove to the higher-ups that you're more dedicated to the company than he is. Anyone can see it."
	"The conference starts in two days." Ruby's dad seemed to deflate. "Stevenson couldn't have shown up late without a reason. I've always been suspicious of that man. He can't be up to anything good. You don't know him the way I do. He doesn't like me. And he makes that point very clear. He makes fun of me, and what am I supposed to do about it? I put up with it. I've been putting up with him for too long now."
	"If he's really that horrible, why hasn't he been fired yet?"
	"Oh, he knows how to put on a good act in front of the higher-ups alright. They all think he's brilliant."
	So it was Mr. Stevenson they were talking about. Ruby had heard the name come up before during discussions back at home, and whenever Ruby's dad was talking about his co-worker, his expression was always sour. From the way he ranted about him, Ruby hoped she wouldn't have to deal with someone like Mr. Stevenson for a very long time.
	"Ruby," Ruby's dad called as he seemed to realize that Ruby was lurking by the staircase.
	"Are you off to talk to your co-workers again?" Ruby asked as she made her way into the living room to join them.
	Ruby's dad nodded. "I'm leaving again in half an hour or so. This was supposed to be a fun family vacation for us. I'm sorry the conference isn't over yet."
	Ruby nodded and took a seat at the dining room table.
	Ruby's mom walked over to stand next to her daughter. "Your dad and I have decided to give you your phone back. We only wanted the best for you, but we've come to realize that both sides are at fault, not just you, Ruby. There was a lack of communication."
	Ruby just stared in surprise as her mom set her phone down on the table. Ruby continued to stare at it for a long moment before reaching to pick it up. She gingerly pressed the power button, but the phone's screen remained dark. The battery was completely drained.
	Suddenly, the sound of a phone ringing cut through the air. Ruby turned to watch her dad pick up his phone from where he had left it on the kitchen counter. "I've got to take this." He sighed, and the glow from the screen illuminated his face. "Ruby, go on and eat without me. Hello? Yes, that's me. Who's calling?"
	Ruby turned back to the table and the dead phone in front of her. They were right-there had always been a lack of communication. When Tilden had left, it had also been due to a lack of communication. Ruby just hoped that they'd come to understand that Tilden would rather live his best life as a poor musician than wondering from some office what he could have been if he pursued his path in music.
	Ruby's dad returned with a crease between his brows. "I've got to head out early. I'll take all of us out to dinner tonight, how about it?"
	Ruby nodded as she watched her dad quickly tug on his polished shoes and grab his coat from the coat rack. Ruby's mom followed him, and now alone in the house, Ruby finished her breakfast in silence before heading upstairs to find a charger. After plugging in her phone, instead of waiting around, Ruby woke up Singsing. They'd go down to the beach again. And maybe if they were lucky, they'd see the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair.
	Ruby trudged down to the beach and slid off her flip-flops the moment she reached the powdery sands. The ocean glittered with shades of blue and green, and the wind filled Ruby's vision with flashes of her own deep-red hair as it whipped around her face.
	Suddenly, Singsing barked and took off down the stretch of beach at a run.
	"Woah!" Ruby hurried after the puppy. "Slow down, girl!" But even with that said, Ruby couldn't help but feel excited. Had Singsing sensed the presence of that boy again?
	Ruby followed Singsing down the beach. The ocean waves creeped close and then fell back with the tide as she splashed barefoot through the shallow waters. Finally, Singsing came to a stop. Ruby dropped to her knees in the sand, clutching a stitch in her side as she gasped for breath. She wasn't sure how long she had been running, but when she turned her head to look back, the line of houses that bordered the sand had completely vanished.
	Frowning, Ruby turned back to the ocean only to find that Singsing was barking at something in the water's midsts.
	"Do you want me to go in there?" Ruby asked when she had finally caught her breath. "Are you sure? Something doesn't look right about that patch of water." It was true-while the surrounding ocean was a deep turquoise in color, the section in front of her was a murky green. It was almost as if a film of algae had covered the surface, blocking the sun's rays from reaching the ocean floor.
	Singsing barked at the water again, jumping around as if she could scare the water away.
	Sighing, Ruby wadded out into the water. Her skin prickled at how the dead bits of algae clung to her bare legs. The water here was still-still in a way Ruby couldn't quite put her finger on.
	Turning back around to face the beach, Ruby looked up at the rocky slope above it. There had to be some sort of farm up there. Human activity-especially the run-off from farmland into water could cause a explosion of algae. And when there were that much algae covering the surface of the water, the life that relied on the sun was starved.
	Suddenly Singsing was barking again and running back down the beach.
	"Singsing!" Ruby called in exasperation as she splashed out of the water and back to the sands of the beach. "A warning! Please!"
	Glancing back over her shoulder at the rocky slope, Ruby took note of its location. She'd be back here once she was able to calm down her dog.

~

	That night, Ruby sat at the table across from her parents. Her dad had been in a foul mood ever since he had returned to the house, and he had taken a few hours to finally cool off. Now in the restaurant, Ruby could still feel the tenseness in the air between them as they sat in silence, waiting for their food to arrive.
	"Are you still thinking about Mr. Stevenson?" Ruby asked in an attempt to break the silence. "How bad would it be if he gets the promotion instead of you?"
	Her dad's gaze darkened. "He'll do everything he can to get me fired. Hell, he's already doing everything he can to get me fired." Ruby's mom placed a hand on her husband's arm as he continued. "Who does he think he is? He's not even a San Francisco local! His main argument is that if I get promoted to CEO, my face will look bad when we start advertising. In front of me, he's openly racist in the things he says trying to get under my skin. I don't let myself lose my cool in front of him, but he knows very well if he just continues on the way he is, who knows-maybe I'll snap eventually."
	Ruby wrinkled her nose in disgust.
	Her dad clasped his hands together on the table in front of him as he went on, "He sees that we're a steadily growing company and wants it for himself. Out of all my friends there, I'm the only person of color. Stevenson seems to think I'm an easy target because of it. But if he thinks it will be easy for me to lose face, he'd better think again!"
	Ruby nodded in agreement, but before she could open her mouth to add on, their food arrived.
	"Let's leave it here for tonight." Ruby's dad sighed as he pulled his plate toward him. "I don't want to think about Stevenson right now. Let's talk about something else, shall we?"
	"How's the beach, Ruby?" Ruby's mom leaned forward. "Your dad and I haven't been down there yet, but from what we can see from outside the window, it looks lovely."
	Ruby nodded. "It is quite lovely. Singsing certainly likes it there-I've been taking her down to the water for walks every day."

~

	After they finished their dinner, Ruby and her parents walked back to the house from the restaurant. When they arrived at the house, Ruby's mom fumbled for the keys, but Ruby placed a hand on her arm and smiled as she led the two of them past the house and down to the beach.
	Standing there on the stretch of sand, Ruby watched her parents' faces as they gazed out over the water in awe. The sky was painted with streaks of orange and purple, and the sun was slowly sinking into the turquoise waves.
	Ruby grinned. "So, what do you think?"
	"It's beautiful," her dad breathed as he took a deep breath of the island air. "Now this is what a vacation should be like-relaxing and enjoyable."
	Smiling to herself, Ruby stood next to her parents, and the three of them watched as the sky faded to a star-flecked night.



    Chapter 8.5

Tomas Quevedo: Hey Tye. Are you still awake?

tyedyemaster_2000: Of course I'm still awake. I need to study until my eyes fall out or else I'm not putting in enough effort. And get this, my mom actually wants me to be going to the gym. The gym!

tyedyemaster_2000: If I don't have time to sleep, how am I supposed to have time to work out?

tyedyemaster_2000: I keep telling her that right now brains are more important than muscles, but she just says that my skinny body will snap in half before I can even put those brains to use...

Tomas Quevedo: ...

Tomas Quevedo: Uhh how do you want me to respond to that?

tyedyemaster_2000: Anyway, you need my advice on how to confess to Mari, right?

Tomas Quevedo: How did you know?

tyedyemaster_2000: Haha! So you finally admit it!

tyedyemaster_2000: It was a lucky guess.

Tomas Quevedo: I'm just so confused. What even are feelings?

tyedyemaster_2000: As much as I want to say that you've come to the right person, I'm not sure how much I can actually help you.

Tomas Quevedo: I guess you don't have the answers to every problem then.

tyedyemaster_2000: Of course I don't. I'm not a god. I'm just an overworked high schooler.

Tomas Quevedo: Don't take so many classes, Tye. Give yourself a break.

tyedyemaster_2000: I might not have an answer right now, but I do happen to be very good at brainstorming. How do you feel when you're around Mari?

Tomas Quevedo: I feel like I all I want is to see her happy.

tyedyemaster_2000: Yup. Sounds to me like you're in love.

    Chapter 9

	Aouli wasn't sure whether he should tell his sister about what was going on in the dead zone. Seeing the ocean like that already sickened him. The ocean was supposed to be a place full of life-not death and emptiness.
	When Aouli had gone down to the dead zone the previous day, he had noted how the highest concentration of emptiness was in the sections closest to the shore. Whatever was causing the dead zone was coming from the land. But with that being the case, that meant there was nothing he could do about it. His investigations ended at the beach.	
      His father claimed that he would speak with the humans, but Aouli got the feeling that his father would rather silently hope that the problem would resolve itself instead.
	Maybe this called for another visit to the so-called sea witch. If anyone could do something about the dead zone, it would have to be her. Aouli wasn't entirely sure what exactly the extent of Ulani's abilities were, but something told him they went beyond just making medicine. If there was a way she could heal the ocean-wouldn't that be perfect?
	Aouli swam through the clear waters of the village, navigating between fish and bright coral as he rushed toward Ulani's cave. "Aouli!" The village children swam over to him. "Where are you off to in such a hurry?"
	"I'm off to see my friend," Aouli explained.
	"The sea witch?" one of the children piped up.
	Aouli sighed. "I'll play with you all later. I've got important work I need to do."
	"You haven't played with us in a few days," the children said disappointedly.
	"Once my sister becomes the high chief, I'll be able to relax and come out here more."
	Finally breaking away from them, Aouli slowed down once he reached Ulani's cave. The sign in front of the entrance read "closed," and Aouli frowned. He swam back and forth in front of the entrance for a long moment before finally calling out, "Ulani? Are you here?"
	"Aouli!" Ulani's voice echoed out from the depths of the cave. "Are you here to pay me a visit? Come in!"
	Aouli quickly swam inside to find Ulani mixing a cauldron full of clear liquid. The cauldron itself was perched on a pile of rocks, elevated out of the surrounding water that filled the cave.
	"You seem to have swam here in a hurry," Ulani said lightly as she swiveled to face Aouli. Her hair flowed out around her as she slid off her rocky perch and entered the water.
	"Do you know about the dead zone?" Aouli asked. "Is that why you sent me in that direction the last time I came to see you?"
	Ulani blinked. "Dead zone? This is the first time I'm hearing of any dead zone."
	"Are you sure?"
	Ulani just nodded her head.
	"This one is less than an hour's swim out from the village. Generations have lived in this village-this is our home. I don't want our home to become like that."
	"And what do you propose to do about it?" Ulani angled her head to the side, and her milky eyes watched Aouli's.
	"That's why I came to you, actually. I was wondering if you had some sort of way to bring back the life-to restore the ocean."
	Ulani folded her arms over her chest. "I can't just magic the ocean back to life. You're thinking too highly of me. If you really want to prevent the dead zone from spreading, you're going have to figure out what's causing it-get to the source of the problem and fix it."
	Aouli shook his head in discouragement. "Whatever's causing the problem is coming from on land."
	"So then what do you propose?"
	"What about that human girl?" Aouli said suddenly. "What if I can find a way to ask her to investigate?"
	"Ask the humans?" Ulani pressed her hands to her mouth as she lowered her voice. "Are you sure that's a good idea?"
	"I-" Aouli started, but then he trailed off.
	"If you really want to do something about it," Ulani said slowly, "there is a little something I could do."
	"What is it?"
	"I could turn you into a human and let you investigate on land."
	Aouli just stared blankly at Ulani. "Turn me . . . into a human?"
	Ulani smiled. "It would only last about three days give or take. That should be enough time for you to find out what's causing the dead zone and stop it, right?"
	"There has to be a better plan than that."
	"You just don't want to be a human," Ulani observed. "But maybe once you're a human, that girl on the beach can help you with the rest."
	Aouli opened his mouth to reply, but then he frowned. "Wait, I don't remember ever telling you about the girl on the beach."
	"Healani stopped by."
	"My sister stopped by?"
	"She came to tell me to look out for you." Ulani swam a circle around Aouli before returning to the thick liquid she had been mixing in her cauldron. "She wants you to be careful around the beach and the humans."
	"Then isn't that even more of a reason not to become one myself?"
	Ulani just motioned for Aouli to take a seat on the rocks next to her. Aouli hesitantly swam over, and his hair stuck to his head and neck as he broke through the water's surface.
	"Want some?" Ulani asked as she used a ladle to spoon the liquid from the cauldron into a bowl.
	Aouli looked at the bowl. "What is it, may I ask?"
	"It's soup," Ulani said matter of factly. "I was planning to make it for the village children, but then I remembered that they want nothing to do with me."
	"I'll have a bowl." Aouli reached out, and Ulani placed the bowl in his upturned palm.
	"This is nice." Ulani said as she swished her tail through the water. "The two of us together here just like old days."
	"You don't need to stay in your cave all day, you know. You could go to the reef. There normally isn't anyone there."
	"If you were to go with me, maybe I'd consider it."
	"What's the cost?" Aouli set his now empty bowl down on the rocks next to him. "If I became a human, what would the cost be? You always are sure to name your prices."
	Ulani offered Aouli a smile. "You're my friend. I'll give this one to you for free. Besides, this is my home too. I don't want to see the ocean slowly die. But," Ulani paused, "if you do decide you want to become human, I have to ask for something from you to complete the transformation process."
	"And what's that?" Aouli asked slowly.
	"Your hair," Ulani said simply.
	"My hair?" Aouli absently lifted a hand and ran it through his long hair. It was a custom in the village that the only time hair was cut was during times of war with other villages-which Aouli was proud to say hadn't happened in decades.
	At this point, Aouli wasn't sure he could even do anything even if he became a human for three days. What could he even do in three days? Maybe it would be better to try and get a human on their side to help.
	The girl on the beach was there every morning, and Aouli had even met her face to face. Aouli wasn't sure whether the girl had realized he wasn't a human. In fact, Aouli wasn't sure why he had shown himself to the girl. But the fuzzy white animal that swam out into the water in the first place . . . it had led the girl to him. Maybe he had met the girl for a reason.
	"Aouli?" Ulani asked. "You seem like you're thinking very hard about something."
	"I'm going to talk to the human girl," Aouli said as he met Ulani's gaze.
	"My offer still stands if you change your mind." Ulani shrugged lightly before taking Aouli's bowl and placing it on a growing pile of other used dishes. "If you need anything-anything at all-just ask me." Ulani slid off the rocks and back into the water. "You should go. Find that human girl, restore the dead zone, and return as the protector of our village."
	"You make it sound easy." Aouli joined Ulani beneath the surface, and his hair billowed out around him as he turned to look at the light at the end of the tunnel. "It's dark in here. I'll take you sunbathing some time, how about it?"
	"I'll be here waiting for you."

~

	The next morning, Aouli was out at the beach, scanning the sands from a distance. And then there was the girl walking down to the water with the same small animal accompanying her.
	Aouli quickly swam forward, cutting through the clear waters. The small white animal at the girl's feet was barking at him again. He stuck his head out of the water, and the girl's eyes widen in surprise as they fell on him.
	Aouli offered what he hoped was a friendly smile as he waved at the girl.
	The girl waved back.
	Aouli pointed to a stop further down the beach and motioned for the girl to follow him there. He wasn't sure if the girl understood what he was trying to convey, but he sunk back down under the water and swam in the direction of the rocks.
	When he stuck his head out of the water again, he found to his relief that the girl was following his movements on the beach. As he waited for the girl to arrive, Aouli leaped out of the water and took a seat on one of the rocks. The scales of his tale glittered in the sunlight, and his sea-glass-colored hair was plastered to his body.
	The girl appeared around the corner, and her mouth fell open in shock as her eyes fell on his tail. She blinked, once, twice.
	Aouli just slid back into the water and motioned for the girl to follow him again. He wasn't sure how much time had passed when they finally reached the dead zone, but the sun had shifted in the sky, and the humid air was even warmer than before. Stopping just outside the dead zone, Aouli lifted his head out of the water again and pointed at the lifeless stretch in front of them.
	The girl on the beach looked from Aouli to the dead zone and then back again. She nodded her head quickly. She had seen it before.
	Aouli gestured to the cliff-like slope just off of the beach and pointed up. The girl followed his finger and raised her head to look up at the slope. She turned back to Aouli, and her eyes were wide in a silent question.
	Aouli lifted his tail out of the water and motioned to himself in a way he hoped conveyed that he couldn't go onto the land. Then he pointed to the girl and pointed to the slope.
	Her eyes were still wide, but the girl nodded her head. She turned to the slope and felt around on the rocks before she finally found a spot where she could climb up. Aouli watched from the water as she scaled the rocky wall. She eventually reached the top and disappeared from sight.
	As he waited, Aouli swam closer to the shore. The small white animal that had been trailing after the girl was staring at him in confusion. Aouli just stared back. He had never seen such an animal before, but there were a lot of things about the human world he didn't know. All he knew about the humans was that they occupied the lands in the same way the people of the sea occupied the waters.
	Aouli let out a sigh, but then he blinked as the small white animal on the beach hurried into the water and began paddling toward him. Judging from its tiny limbs, it certainly wasn't fit for swimming.
	After swimming over to the small animal, Aouli picked it up and returned to his rock to set the animal down next to him. The animal just stared up at him for a long moment before shaking its furry coat. Water droplets sprayed everywhere, and a laugh escaped Aouli as he threw his arms up in front of his face.
	After some waiting, the red-haired girl finally reappeared and climbed back down the rocky slope. Aouli quickly swam over to her with her little white animal safely in his arms.
	The girl just shook her head in defeat. The girl took a seat on the sand, deep in thought. She was frowning, and her brows were knitted together.
	The girl rose to her feet, gestured to Aouli, and pointed to the shimmering ocean.
      Aouli just blinked at her in confusion.
      The girl tried again by pointing to herself and then to the slope. Then she pointed to Aouli and the beach. Aouli slowly nodded his head. Was the girl trying to tell him that she'd keep looking on her own?
      Still slightly confused, Aouli set the white animal down on the sand before sinking back under the water and swimming a few paces away. He popped his head back out of the water and looked at the girl again.
      The girl just nodded her head as she motioned for Aouli to swim even further.
      Sighing, Aouli turned and swam off. He'd trust the girl. Maybe if he was very lucky, she'd end up solving the problem for him. But . . . there had been something about her expression when she had sat on the sand, staring out over the ocean deep in thought that stuck with Aouli. It was the expression of someone who had just discovered something they didn't like.
      Aouli swam aimlessly through the water and found himself at a small cluster of rocks far away from the land. When he was not exploring the oceans, this was where he liked to spend his time, sitting on the rocks under the sun. This was the place he offered to take Ulani if she was willing to come with him.
	Ulani. That was right, now that the human girl was helping him, he wouldn't need to take on her offer. Taking a deep breath of the humid air, Aouli tipped his head back and let the warmth of the sun beat down on his face. Everything was going to work out.


    Chapter 9.5

      Dear Tilden, 

      First off, how are you doing? I hope you have been able to find some time to relax, even though I know you well enough to assume that you've probably signed up for all the summer classes you could fit in a day.
      It's been a while since I've written letters by hand. Don't laugh! Can't you tell that I've been working on my handwriting? Anyway, you don't have to worry about me. Ba and Ma don't have me grounded anymore, and I have plenty of free time to wander. They've given me my phone back, but I wanted to write this one final letter. So how do I put this? Some things are better said on paper. But of course I'm going to text this to you too anyway-I'll have long returned home by the time this letter will even get to you.
      I'm still angry at our parents for dragging me to Ba's business meeting in Hawaii without any input, but all that initial frustration has subsided now, because guess what? This is a summer I'll never forget! I've been spending all my time outside on the beaches, and you'll never believe who I met.
      I met a merman.

      I hope you'll visit us back in San Francisco soon. I want to tell you everything in person.
      Your sister, Ruby

      P.S.
      Singsing is a puppy, not a replacement sibling. Ba and Ma still love you.

      P.P.S
      Who is San???!!!

    Chapter 10

      Zooming down the road on her bike, Ruby found herself repeatedly looking over her shoulder. The crystal-like waters glittered in the afternoon sunlight. She still couldn't believe what she had seen. The boy she had met the other day . . . He was a-a merman?
      Ruby let out a laugh as the wind continued to beat at her face. She couldn't believe it. But he had been there right in front of her. She couldn't have been dreaming. Her knees were still covered in scrapes from when she had climbed the slope.
      She wasn't sure what had come over her to climb up there, but the merman had been asking her-her!-for help. She couldn't just stand back and do nothing. Besides, she had been wondering about the dead zone herself. And what Ruby had seen . . . her prediction had been right. There was indeed farmland up there. It wasn't particularly close to the cliff, but she could see it very clearly in the distance. There must have been pipes somewhere . . . pipes transporting contaminated water and sediment into the ocean.
      After coming to a stop at the side of the road, Ruby pulled out her phone and quickly brought up a map. Even though she was heading in the general direction of the farm, from the land, she didn't know its exact location.
      Squinting against the glare of the sun, Ruby looked over the map for a good minute before finally finding the location of the farm. It was a sugar farm. Hopping back on her bike, Ruby continued to peddle down the road.
      When she reached the main building of the farm, Ruby gingerly climbed off her bike. Now that she was here, she wasn't quite sure what to do. As she paced back and forth outside the entrance, debating what her next move would be, Ruby suddenly heard the sound of a car pulling to a stop in front of the farm's main building. Ruby whirled around to watch a middle-aged man climb out of the car. The man's eyes immediately fell on her, and Ruby just stared at him for a long moment before she hurried forward. "Sir"-Ruby looked up at him-"do you work here?"
      The man frowned distastefully. "What if I do?"
      "Do you know that the way you're farming right now is harming the ocean?" Ruby asked quickly. "There's a dead zone not that far from-"
      "This is none of your business, girl." The man cut Ruby off. "Now leave before I call the cops on you."
      Ruby just stared at him as he turned and walked over to the building's doors. He typed in a code, and the doors swung open. The man disappeared inside the building without a backward glance.
      Frowning, Ruby shuffled back over to her bike. She'd come here again later. She needed a more solid plan anyway.
      When Ruby arrived back home, she found her parents waiting for her.
      "Ruby." Ruby's dad stood up from where he had been sitting at the dining room table. "Remember how I asked you to pack a nice outfit for special occasions? Our company is holding a dinner tonight," he explained. "Everyone's families are invited, and it's a time to eat good food and socialize. All three of us should go tonight."
      "What time? I'll go get ready."
      "The dinner is at seven o'clock," Ruby's mom answered. "At least take a shower before we leave."
      Ruby nodded as she made her way past her parents and climbed the stairs to her room. Crouching down next to her suitcase, Ruby carefully lifted out the dress she had packed. It was a pale golden-yellow in color with thin straps that crisscrossed over the back. It was also one of those dresses that took Ruby forever to differentiate the arm holes from the head one once she pulled it over her head.
      Ruby sat down at her desk and pulled a piece of lined paper toward her. She set her phone down next to it and slowly but surely began to sketch a map. She copied the little lines that made up the streets and roads from her phone, but once she got to the farm, she closed her eyes. She recalled how the main building and the fields of sugar cane looked.
      When she was done, Ruby sat back to admire her work. Then leaving the map on her desk, Ruby made her way to the bathroom. She'd do what her mother had wanted her to and take a shower.
      
~

	That night, Ruby sat next to her mom. Her dad's company had rented out an entire restaurant for the night, and the employees and their families were happily mingling as they waited for everyone to arrive.
	Ruby sat there, talking to her dad's co-workers whenever they came over to compliment her on her hair and dress. Ruby was in the middle of a conversation with one of them about college options when something caught her eye. A man with thinning hair and hazy-blue eyes had just entered the restaurant.
	Ruby inhaled sharply. It was the same man who had threatened her to leave the farm's premises. He seemed to notice her watching him because he turned his head, his eyes narrowing as they fell on her. Ruby refused to back down from his gaze, and he finally turned away.
	"That's Mr. Stevenson," Ruby's dad said darkly as he followed Ruby's gaze.
	"That's Mr. Stevenson? Ba," Ruby said quietly as she got over her surprise. "When we get back to the house, I have something to tell you. It has something to do with Mr. Stevenson."
	Ruby's dad turned to her. His brows were raised in a silent question. Ruby just shook her head. She'd tell him later.
	Ruby found herself much quieter than usual as she sat through dinner. The food was good, but she found her mind drifting when she had finished eating. Did her dad know about the contaminated water?
	Even in her spaced-out state, Ruby almost felt as if someone was watching her. But when she looked around, everyone was busy either chatting with each other or finishing up their meals. Ruby frowned to herself, trying her best to ignore the prickling sensation that seemed to tingle down her spine.
	Ruby pulled out her phone and tried to distract herself by reading through her group chat and catching up with old messages. When she had unplugged her phone the other day from the charger, the first thing she noticed when the screen flickered to life was the notification informing her that she had over a hundred unread messages. That was to be expected, but it had given Ruby a momentary shock nonetheless.
	"Ruby," her mom hissed, and Ruby reluctantly put her phone away. The feeling of the eyes on the back of her head returned. What started out as a good dinner had turned into something she hoped would end as quickly as possible.
	When it was finally time to head back to the house, Ruby climbed into the back seats of the rental car, glad to be out of the restaurant. As they drove, Ruby looked at her dad's face reflected in the rearview mirror.
	"Did either of you get the feeling that we were being watched?" Ruby asked quietly.
	"Watched?" Ruby's mom swiveled around from the passenger seat. "Watched by who?"
	"I don't know who it was," Ruby admitted. "But I could have sworn someone was watching me."
	"It must be that hair of yours," Ruby's mom said as she turned back around. "Of course it's going to attract attention."
	Ruby fell silent. Back at school, it was true that her red hair had turned many heads, but she had never gotten that sense of hostility that she had tonight. Ruby clasped her hands together tightly on her lap as she looked out the window, watching the stars in the night through the reflection of her own face.
	Once they arrived back at the house, Ruby followed her parents through the front door. "Ba," Ruby started. "I've got a few things I'd like to ask you."
	Her dad blinked. "What is it?"
	"Your company has farmland on this island, right?"
	"That's correct."
	"Is it the sugar farm about a half an hour's bike ride from here?"
	"I'm not sure how long it takes to bike to it, but that sounds like it could be possible."
	"I went there the other day," Ruby explained, watching her dad's face. "I saw Mr. Stevenson there."
	"Mr. Stevenson?" Her dad asked quickly. Now Ruby had his full attention. "What was he doing there?"
	Ruby angled her head to the side. "Was he not supposed to be there?"
	"No. We're only allowed to check it out on the weekend, and he only arrived on the island earlier this week."
	"He went inside the main building," Ruby continued. "He saw me there and told me to leave. I don't know what he did after he disappeared."
	"What is he up to this time?" Ruby's dad muttered darkly, more to himself than to his daughter.
	"Also," Ruby said slowly, "I think there's a problem with the farm."
	"A problem with the farm?"
	"Well, not with the farm itself, but the runoff from the farm is contaminating the water-it's contaminating the ocean."
	"I didn't know about this." Ruby's dad looked worried, and a crease formed between his brows. "Do you have evidence? Do you have pictures?"
	"I don't yet, but I can take some pictures when I go down to the beach tomorrow."
	"Send them to me. I'll talk to the higher-ups. When we bought the farmland, we had all promised that we would be careful and not harm the surrounding environment."
	Ruby let out a breath of relief. It looked like her dad was on her side after all.

~

	Ruby sat on her bed with the lights on dim as she scrolled through the messages on her phone. In the beginning, there had been a number of messages directed to her both in the group chat and in private ones, but once her friends realized that she wasn't getting her phone back, they had gone back to chatting with each other instead.
	As for the most recent messages, it looked as if Mari was back online-though not as much as she used to be-and Ruby was saddened to see that Grace had injured herself.
	Ruby looked at her phone for a long moment before typing, Hi everyone, I felt like I was being watched by some unknown person today. What should I do?
	Ruby stared at the message for another long moment before pressing the delete button. She replaced the message with, I've got my phone back! I've missed you guys! After hitting the send button, Ruby let out a sigh. She set her phone down and stared up at the ceiling.
	
~

	When Ruby left the house with Singsing the following morning, she immediately felt a prickle down her spine. The eyes were back.
      Ruby casually scanned the area around the house so as to not alert whoever was watching her, but again, there was no one there.
      Singsing let out a whimper, and Ruby looked down at the puppy. Singsing seemed to be more on edge as well. It felt reassuring that Ruby wasn't the only one who had sensed something was off, but also worrisome that the feeling wasn't just in her head.
      Instead of walking around the side of the house to the beach, Ruby began to walk down the main road to the shopping center instead. The eyes followed. If she really was being followed, the last thing she'd do would be to lead whoever was following her to the merman.
      Pulling out her phone, Ruby pretend to be adjusting her hair as she used the camera as a mirror to examine the street behind her. There-there nearly halfway down the block was a man she had never seen before.
      After walking for another ten minutes down a zigzag of different streets, Ruby pulled out her phone again and pretended to look at her hair for a second time. The man was still there. Ruby quickly snapped a picture of him in her selfie camera before tucking her phone away.
      On her way back to the house, Ruby made sure to go down all the streets that had at least a few other people walking down them. Ruby was really starting to get creeped out now. Should she submit the picture she had taken to the police? But it was a blurry picture, and no matter how much she zoomed in on the image, she couldn't make out the man's face.
      Ruby quickened her pace as she returned to the house. Once she was inside, Ruby hurried over to the windows to carefully look outside. The man had vanished.
      Ruby placed a hand over her heart to find it beating a little too quickly. She was alone in the house now, and all she could do was lock the doors. But it seemed as if the man had no interest in following her inside.
      After hurrying upstairs to her parent's bedroom, Ruby looked out at the road to see the man disappear down the street. He was gone. For now.
      Letting out a breath, Ruby hurried back downstairs. She made sure Singsing was alright by herself before hurrying to the front door. Ruby paused with her hand hovering over the handle. She turned and hurried instead to the back door that lead straight to the beach.
      The wind hit Ruby in the face the moment she exited the house, and she hurried down the gentle slope to the beach. At the water's edge, Ruby scanned the waves for any sign of the merman. Something shiny caught her attention, and her gaze fell on the merman as he waved to her from the water.
      Ruby felt her face melt into a relieved smile as she waved back and quickly hurried over to him. The merman pointed in the direction of the dead zone when Ruby reached him. Ruby let out a sigh, and her smile faded as she shook her head. She tried to gesture that she needed some more time to investigate, but gave up when the merman just looked at her in confusion.
	Motioning for the merman to follow her instead, Ruby jogged down the beach, away from the houses and main road. Once she was sure she was hidden from the sight, Ruby crouched down and drew in the sand with her finger.
	The merman swam over and angled his head to the side as he tried to make sense of the crudely drawn map. Then Ruby almost let out a laugh. What was she doing? Reaching into her back pocket, Ruby pulled out her phone and opened a digital map. She had gone for so long without her phone that she had completely forgotten about it.
	Ruby waded out into the water, and she stood next to the merman to show him the glowing screen of her phone. With her free hand, she did her best to shield it from the glare of the sun.
	The merman just stared at the phone for a long moment as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing. Ruby brought up a map of the road and showed the merman the main building of the farm. Ruby pointed to it and then pointed in the direction of the dead zone.
	The merman slowly nodded his head. So far he seemed to be following.
	Ruby pointed to herself again and made a gesture with her fingers that mimicked walking. I went there, was the message she was hoping to get through. Ruby zoomed in on the picture of the main building and pointed to the tall fence that surrounded the farmland.
	The merman nodded again, quicker this time.
	Ruby sighed as she pocketed her phone. The turquoise water lapped against her knees. That was right-Ruby suddenly remembered. Her dad wanted her to take pictures of the dead zone.
	Ruby pointed in the direction of the dead zone. The merman nodded and swam parallel to Ruby as the two of them made their way further from the houses.
	When they arrived at the dead zone, Ruby made sure to take a number of pictures. She even dipped her hand into the water to take a picture of how much algae her fingers picked up. Ruby showed these pictures to the merman. The merman looking on, impressed.
	After spending a while trying to explain what her plan was, Ruby was now making her way back down the beach. As she walked, Ruby sent the picture she had taken earlier of the man who had been following her to the group chat along with a message asking for advice. Maybe they'd have some ideas of what she should do.
	Stopping at the back door to the house, Ruby carefully looked around to check for anyone who might be hanging out in the area. Once she determined that there wasn't anyone there, Ruby quickly unlocked the door and stepped inside. After quickly closing and locking the door behind her, Ruby climbed the stairs to her room.
	When she reached her room, Ruby turned to look out the window, gazing out at the ocean. She was in Maui. She didn't know anyone here except for her parents. Who would try and follow her? What would they get out of following her? Had she merely caught the attention of some creep, or was there more to it? The only other person she had run into on the island was Mr. Stevenson. Ruby didn't want to jump to conclusions, but could it have been Mr. Stevenson watching her?
	No. The build of the man following her had been different than Mr. Stevenson's. She could tell that much of a distance. But what if Mr. Stevenson had sent that man?
	Ruby pulled out her phone to find a flood of concerned messages from her friends. All of them came to the conclusion that she should get the police involved if she saw the man again. Sighing heavily, Ruby collapsed onto her bed. This was not how she had expected this trip to go. Not in the slightest.

~

	For the next couple of days, Ruby was on high alert for anyone who might be watching her, but to her relief, she found no one. Heading out the back door with Singsing at her heels, Ruby made her way down to the beach. She had sent the pictures she had taken of the dead zone to her dad, and he had taken one look at them before declaring that he would bring it to the attention of the higher-ups.
	With her dad now working on the issue, Ruby felt as if she could finally start to relax again. Walking down the beach, Ruby reached her hands into the air, stretching as the wind whipped her hair around her face. It had been some time since Grace had helped her dye it, and after a number of washes, Ruby could see that the color was starting to fade, if only slightly.
	Ruby was to meet the merman further down the beach, away from the houses. Ever since that man had trailed Ruby, Ruby had made sure that she changed her meeting spot with the merman.
	Suddenly, a bark from Singsing drew Ruby from her thoughts.
      "What is it, girl?" Ruby asked as she followed Singsing's gaze to the ocean. There was nothing there save for a small fishing boat bobbing gently in the distance. But it wasn't the boat Singsing was looking at. "Is the merman here?" Ruby tried again, scanning the water's surface.
	A flash of movement caught Ruby's attention, and she turned to find the merman waving at her from farther down the sandy beach. His sea-glass-colored hair was almost the same hue as the water.
	Ruby broke into a smile. She hurried over to him and took a seat on the rocks. She had tried her best the previous day to let him know that the issue with the contaminated water was going to be addressed soon, and it seemed as if Ruby's message had gotten across to him since the merman had become less anxious.
	Without having to worry as much about the dead zone, Ruby and the merman had started to work on humming songs together, which turned out to be a lot of fun.
	As they hummed a new tune, Ruby suddenly heard a loud splash from the water. She whirled around just in time to watch the small fishing boat reel in a large net. Turquoise scales glittered from behind the netting, and Ruby inhaled sharply as she jumped to her feet. The merman had turned as well, and an expression of horror painted his face. He instantly leaped into the water to swim toward the boat.
	Ruby ran along the beach. And as she got closer she got to the boat, it didn't take her long to confirm what she had suspected. The realization was like a punch to the gut. There was a merperson in the net.

    Chapter 11
(Earlier That Morning)

	Aouli returned to his sister's residence and placed the stack of stone tablets she had asked for on the ground. "Aouli," Healani called out as she gracefully swam over to him.
	"I got the tablets." Aouli gestured at the stack of tablets on the ground. "I've got somewhere to go now, so-"
	"Somewhere to go? Don't tell me you're off to see that human girl again."
	"What?" Aouli blinked. "What do you mean?"
	"Don't think I don't know what you've been up to these days," Healani said lightly. "All of these mornings, you've been off to see that human girl."
	"Yes." Now that his sister knew, it wouldn't do him any good to try and lie to her.
	"Why?" Healani's eyes were sad as she shook her head. "The humans are dangerous. You know that."
	Aouli held his sister's gaze. "Not all of them harbor ill intentions. The human girl has helped me."
	"Helped you? We can't even speak with the humans. How did she help you?"
	"There's a dead zone," Aouli explained as Healani inhaled sharply. "The girl is helping to address it."
	"How?" Healani asked weakly. "A dead zone? What-?"
	"How did you know I was speaking with the human girl?" Aouli asked instead. "Was it Ulani? Did she tell you?"
	"It was Ulani," Healani said stiffly. "She was worried about you, so she came to me."
	"Ulani . . . "
	Healani took Aouli's hands in her own. "You need to be careful. We've already lost Mother to the humans. I don't want to lose you or Father to them either."
	"It wasn't my intention to show myself to the human girl at the beginning. But then I found the dead zone. After spending some time investigating it, I realized that its source had to be coming from somewhere on the land. And since I can't go on land myself, I had to seak help from someone who could."
	"Why didn't you tell me about the dead zone earlier? Father must have known about it too . . . "
	"Father and I didn't want you to worry-you don't have to worry. The human girl is working to resolve it. She just needs more time."
	"You're off to see her now."
	Aouli nodded. "I'll be back later."
	As he swam off, Aouli found himself thinking that maybe he should have tried to do a better job of explaining. It was true that Healani didn't know much about humans-in fact, she had never really gone far from the village. Maybe once she became the high chief, Aouli could take her to see the human girl in the hopes that Healani could improve her own relations with humans.
	Besides, once Healani became high chief, she'd be the one communicating with the original humans of the island. There were a small group of humans who had lived on the islands for hundreds of years and understood the language of the people of the sea. Once a year, the high chief would meet with those humans and they would talk about ways to continue to keep the people of the sea protected.
	Lost in thought as he swam up to the shore, Aouli spotted the girl on the beach. He smiled and waved to her as his head broke through the surface of the water.
	The two of them made their way over to the rocks that they had determined as their main meeting spot. Time passed quickly as Aouli hummed a tune with the red-haired girl.
	And then suddenly there was a loud splash. Aouli's head snapped around to see a net being drawn out of the water. Sea-glass scales glittered from behind the netting.
	Without giving himself a moment to think, Aouli leaped into the water. He swam as quickly as he could toward the net and the boat hauling it away. As he looked up at the net from beneath the water, Aouli gaped in shock. That was his sister in the net!
	Aouli couldn't do anything but watch in horror as the net was heaved up onto the boat. What could he do? He had to be careful. If whoever was on the boat saw him, he'd be in a lot of trouble.
	Closing his eyes for a brief moment as he debated what to do, he decided in the spur of the moment to trail the boat from afar. If he could see where the boat was going-if he could see where his sister was being taken-maybe he could figure out what to do from there.
	Suddenly it hit Aouli. His sister had been following him! That was why Healani had come this close to the shore. Aouli gritted his teeth together. This was his fault.
      Aouli followed the boat, careful to stay deep under the water. The boat eventually came to a stop next to the land, and Aouli couldn't say for sure whether the humans were moving his sister somewhere or keeping her on the boat.
      Panicked, Aouli swam back and forth through the water. Maybe he could ask the human girl for help again? Aouli didn't want to leave his sister there on the boat, but his options were limited.
      Shooting through the water, Aouli swam back in the direction of the shore. But by the time he arrived, the girl with the deep-red hair had vanished. Running an agitated hand through his hair, Aouli dove back into the water. He needed to let his father know about this.
      Aouli found his father speaking with the village elders. His father turned to him, taking note of the panicked expression on Aouli's face. "What happened?" Aouli's father asked quickly.
      "My sister," Aouli said breathlessly, "she was captured by the humans!"
      "What?"
      "Healani has been captured by the humans," Aouli repeated. "Please, Father, you have to save her!"
      "How did this happen?" Aouli's father seemed to get over his initial shock. "Do you know where she is now?"
      "I followed the boat, but once they got to the land, I'm not sure if they moved her," Aouli said regretfully.
      "Show me."
      Aouli nodded and quickly swam off, his father following along behind him.
      "How did this happen?" Aouli's father asked again as they shot through the water.
      Aouli winced. "I went to the shore again, and I didn't realize that Healani was following me. Since she was watching me, she probably didn't see the humans until it was too late."
      "And what were you doing so close to the shore?"
      "You know I've gone there before-"
      "Yes, but Healani's never followed you before. Tell me what's going on."
      Aouli exhaled a stream of bubbles. "I was meeting a human there."
      "A human?" Aouli's father asked sharply.
      "She was helping me address the problem of the dead zone," Aouli tried to explain.
      "You do realize that if anything happens to your sister, you're going to be the one to take over the position of high chief instead."
      "What?" Aouli faltered. "I-I didn't want my sister to be caught! I don't want the position of high chief! I-"
      Aouli's father let out a sigh. "I know you don't. I know you weren't internationally setting a trap for your sister. But if for some reason we really can't get her back, you will become the chief in your sister's place."
      Aouli's blood chilled. They'd get Healani back. His sister had been studying for years while Aouli had been out exploring the oceans. If Aouli became chief . . . Aouli didn't want to think about what would happen.
      "If whoever captured your sister exposes her to the rest of the humans"-his father's voice brought Aouli back to reality-"we can no longer stay here. If the humans try to search for us, we'll need to move our village."
      "Move our village?" Aouli turned to face his father. "But-but our ancestors lived in this very village!"
      "We'll do what we have to to protect ourselves from the humans," Aouli's father said gravely. "Once they find us, we'll no longer be able to live in peace."
      Aouli fell silent as the gravity of the situation pressed down on him. He had just spoken to Healani this morning. Had that been the last conversation he'd ever have with his sister?
      "That's the boat." Aouli pointed when they finally arrived a short distance from the land.
      His father narrowed his eyes. "I'll send someone to keep an eye on it. I'll send one of our village warriors for the job." Then he turned to Aouli. "As for you . . . " Aouli dropped his head as his father continued, "You should go back to the village."
      Aouli nodded silently. Had he tried to solve one problem just to create a different one? Aouli didn't know what to do. All he knew was that he had to get his sister back no matter what.
      
~

	"Aouli?" Ulani blinked as Aouli hurried into her cave. "What brings you here in such a rush?"
	"Ulani." Aouli met Ulani's milky eyes with his own. "You already know what happened, don't you."
	"No." Ulani's eyes were wide as she shook her head. "Tell me quickly."
	"It's my sister," Aouli said hopelessly. "Healani's been captured by humans."
	"Humans?" Ulani let out a gasp as her hands flew to her mouth.
	"I'm a little surprised you didn't see that with your ability and all." Aouli blinked as that fact suddenly occurred to him.
	"I think I can only get those sorts of visions when someone's in mortal peril," Ulani said thoughtfully.
	"Does that mean that my sister's in no immediate danger?"
	Ulani furrowed her brows. "I'm not sure. I'd like to think so, though. What do you want to do?" She inquired as Aouli paced the cave, swimming back and forth.
	"I don't know." Aouli stopped in his tracks and pressed his hands to the sides of his face. "If we can't get my sister back, I have to become the high chief in her place. I can't let that happen. I don't want anything to happen to her either."
	"You could ask the human girl for help," Ulani suggested. "She was willing to help you before."
	Aouli shook his head. "She wasn't on the beach when I swam back there. This is my fault. I never thought my sister would follow me. All those other days I went to the shore there had never been a boat there-" he trailed off. That was right. There had never been a boat there before. How much of a coincidence was it that the fishing boat showed up the only day his sister decided to follow him?
	Come to think of it, whoever was on the boat couldn't have known that his sister existed. Aouli frowned as he recalled the details of the event. The net they had used . . . Aouli had never seen a net like it before. They certainly hadn't been out to catch fish. Especially not this close to the shore. Suddenly it struck him. Their target had never been his sister. And if it wasn't his sister . . . Were they after him? Aouli shook his head. If they really were after him, they didn't need to go so close to the shore and risk damaging their boat and nets on the rocks. They could have waited for him farther out in the water where their nets would have worked much better.
	There had only been one other person on the beach, and that had been . . . the girl with the deep-red hair! Whoever was on the boat was after her!
	"You seem as if you just realized something important," Ulani said as she watched Aouli's face.
	"Whoever was in the boat was never out to catch my sister," Aouli explained in a panic. "They wanted to catch the human girl!"
	Ulani blinked. "Catch the human girl?"
	"They wanted to catch her, but then they saw my sister and caught her instead."
	Ulani just stared at him. "I don't understand. Why would they want to catch the human girl?"
	"Maybe they don't like that she's investigating the dead zone." Aouli recalled the images of girl had shown him of where the contamination problem was coming from. Had she gone somewhere where she wasn't supposed to be? "She's in trouble because of me, too," Aouli said in a pained sort of way.
	"Talk to her tomorrow," Ulani suggested gently. "Maybe she'll have a way to help free your sister."
	"I think that would be asking for a miracle. Besides, I don't even know if Father will let me leave the village."
	Ulani flashed Aouli a smile. "I can take care of that."
	"What-? What do you mean?"
	Ulani winked. "Just leave it to me. Tomorrow morning? No problem, I can create an opening for you to go to the shore."
	"Thank you." Aouli held Ulani's gaze. "I mean it."
	Ulani let out a sigh. "I want to get your sister back as well. Your father is very cautious when it comes to humans-and that's a good thing. But if the human girl really can help us, well, I don't think he'd be willing to take advantage of such an opportunity."
	"I'll go tomorrow," Aouli said determinedly. "Tomorrow, I'll go get my sister back."

~

	The following morning, Aouli snuck out of the village only to find that there wasn't anyone guarding the area. Ulani had successfully led everyone away.
      The girl was already walking along the beach when Aouli arrived at the shore, and his head broke through the surface of the water as he scanned the fine sands. The red-haired girl saw him almost immediately, and she hurried over with a worried look on her face.
	Aouli pointed in the direction the boat had gone, and the girl nodded her head. She had seen the boat drive off with Healani.
	Suddenly, the girl motioned for Aouli to stay where he was before turning and hurrying away from the beach. Aouli watched and waited there in the water before the girl returned a few minutes later with a two-wheeled contraption.
	The girl gestured for Aouli to show the way. Aouli nodded and dove into the water.
	Aouli led the way through the ocean, and the girl with her wheeled contraption zoomed down the beach. When the sandy beach ended, the girl had to climb higher up onto the land. Aouli swam further out so the girl could still see him from the distance.
	The boat finally came into view. It was still there sitting next to the land.
	This was as far as Aouli could go. His father had one of his warriors watching the area, and if he was caught, Aouli would undoubtedly end up under watch back in the village.
	The girl seemed to realize that he couldn't go any further, and she nodded before drawing closer to the boat herself. Aouli waited there in the water again. When the girl reappeared, she gestured for Aouli to meet her back on the beach.
	When they finally arrived back on the beach, the girl was frowning, and a crease had formed between her brows. Aouli gave her a questioning look, but the girl just shook her head. She gestured that she couldn't tell whether Healani even was on the boat. But judging from her frown, something had concerned her.
	Their meeting ended with the girl motioning that she would go back and look at the boat again. As Aouli swam off, he found himself thinking if he was able to get close enough to the boat to call out to his sister, would she be able to hear him? Would she be able to tell him her location?
	Maybe it was a foolish idea, but Aouli had to try. He'd go in the middle of the night. At that time, there shouldn't be as many humans out, and even if one of them heard him, he'd be back beneath the dark surface of the water before any of them could see him. If his sister wasn't on the boat, that would make things a lot more complicated.

~

	When the sun finally dropped from the sky, Aouli was swimming out in the direction of the boat. Once he reached the location of the boat, he carefully navigated around where he had seen the warrior stationed by the boat. Making sure to keep a wide berth from the warrior, Aouli got as close to the boat as he dared. Then sticking his head out of the water, he took a deep breath, and the cold night wind hit him like a slap in the face. "Healani!" Aouli yelled.
	Aouli waited for a long moment. Time itself seemed to slow down as he stared up at the boat, hoping with everything he had that there would be a response.
	"I'm in here!" Healani's muffled voice called back a moment later. Aouli felt a rush of relief.
	"Don't worry, Healani!" Aouli shouted. "We're figuring out a way to get you out of there! Wait for us!"
	Suddenly, Aouli felt himself being tugged down beneath the water.
	"Hey!" The warrior frowned as Aouli struggled to break free from his strong grasp. Then he narrowed his eyes as he seemed to recognize Aouli through the darkness. "What are you doing here? Does your father know about this?"
	Aouli just shook his head. He had gotten caught, but at least now he knew that his sister was still on the boat.
	"Go back to the village," the warrior advised as he let go of Aouli's arm. "Quickly now. For your sister's sake, don't cause any trouble around here."
	Aouli turned away from the boat and swam back toward the village. Once the warrior let his father know that he had snuck out, he knew he wouldn't easily be able to leave the village again. Instead of returning to his residence, Aouli swam to Ulani's cave.
	The inside of the cave glowed with little lights, and Ulani floated in the middle of it as she held a jar up in front of her, examining the contents inside.
	"Ulani," Aouli spoke up. 
      Ulani turned, and her hair flowed out around her as she smiled. "Can the human girl help you?"
	Aouli nodded confidently. "She can. But I need to do my part too. She can't do it on her own, the same way I can't do it on my own either."
	"What are you suggesting, then?"
	Aouli took a deep breath. "Ulani, I want you to turn me into a human."
	"Are you sure?"
	"I can tell my father is already discontent with what I've been doing. Getting my sister back is the most important part. Once we get my sister back, I can deal with what the people from the village say about me later."
	Ulani nodded her head. "When do you want to become a human?"
	"Now."
	"Now?"
	Aouli sighed. "Once the sun comes up, my father won't let me out of the village. I have to do this."
	"Alright." Ulani offered Aouli a small smile.
	Aouli followed Ulani over to the large cauldron at the far end of her cave. He drifted in the water as he watched Ulani collect a number of bottles from her shelves and empty their contents into the cauldron. The liquid inside the cauldron was completely clear despite how many different powders had been mixed into it.
	Ulani finally turned to Aouli. "I will need your hair to complete it."
	"Take it."
	He could feel Ulani's presence behind him, and then his head suddenly felt much lighter. After slowly opening his eyes, Aouli turned to watch Ulani drop his hair into the cauldron. The liquid inside instantly turned a brilliant turquoise in color.
	Aouli absently reached up and ran a hand through his now very short hair.
	"It's ready," Ulani announced. "All you need to do now is to climb into the cauldron. Once you're submerged in the liquid, your tail will be replaced with human legs for three days. The stronger the spells, the shorter they last."
	"So you can do magic!"
	"Well, it's not really magic . . ."
	With a faint trace of a smile playing on his face, Aouli made his way over to the cauldron. Ulani helped him inside.
	"You only have this one chance." Ulani held his gaze. "Make the most of it."
	After nodding determindly, Aouli closed his eyes and submerged himself in the turquoise liquid.

~

	Aouli awoke to a spinning head. His body was shaking from the cold winds that savagely bit at his bare skin. Clenching his fists in the powdery sand, Aouli cracked an eye open to look up at the stars glittering in the night sky above him. He was on the beach.
	Aouli could feel the water from the ocean lapping up against him as he lay there. His body felt lethargic. But even in his tired state, Aouli could tell that his tail had vanished.
	Aouli let out a laugh as he lay there on the sand. Ulani had really done it.
	He was human now.

    Chapter 11.5

Ru?y Z: Tilden? Are you still awake?

Zhang T: It's not even the evening yet. Of course I'm still awake.

Ru?y Z: So... I've run into a little bit of a problem.

Zhang T: Oh? What sort of problem?

Ru?y Z: Well, I've got a situation.

Ru?y Z: You're not going to believe me when I tell you this, but I promise all of it is true.

Ru?y Z: I met a merman on the beach. I was trying to help him investigate a section of contaminated water, but me being close to him led to another merperson getting captured.

Ru?y Z: And now I don't know what to do. I think I know where the merperson is being kept and who it was who kidnapped them.

Ru?y Z: It's Mr. Stevenson, Ba's insufferable co-worker.

Ru?y Z: Tilden, I need to make it up to the merman and help free his friend. But I don't know what to do. I don't know how to do it alone. I need advice.

Zhang T: Hmm... I might have something that could help.

Ru?y Z: Wait, really?

Zhang T: Can you hold out for a day or so? I'll have help sent to you.

Ru?y Z: Thank you. I mean it.

Ru?y Z: Wait, help sent to me? What does that mean?

Zhang T: Just wait and see. You'll see that I'm brilliant.

Ru?y Z: I already know you're brilliant.

Zhang T: Yeah, I know. With your big brother around, you don't have anything to worry about!

    Chapter 12

	Grace lay in bed with her injured leg propped up on a pillow, scrolling through her phone. Her foot had stopped hurting, but she got the feeling that now was not the time to try putting weight on it.
	When Grace had fallen on it, she was horrified. What if she had actually broken something? What if her dreams of studying dance on the East Coast had shattered along with her foot? But fortunately, that hadn't been the case. She just needed to stay home for a few weeks and heal. Once she had healed, she could get back to dance. But the waiting . . .
	Grace set her phone down and let out a sigh. She wasn't used to being home this much. At least now she had something to look forward to: Ruby's brother was coming to San Francisco for a visit.
	Then Grace blinked. On the topic of Ruby, Ruby had gotten her phone back and had sent the group chat a message about being followed. Grace had been alarmed when she read the message. What if Ruby did have a stalker? Grace's mind had immediately jumped to the worst-case scenario; what if the stalker tried to kidnap Ruby?
	Grace quickly shook her head in an attempt to clear it. Ruby was fine. She had sent them a message just earlier in the day. But even then, Grace couldn't help but feel a little worried.
	After slowly getting out of bed, Grace reached for her crutches and made her way out of her room. She knocked once on her brother's door only to find that it wasn't latched. She gently pushed it open.
	Tye was fast asleep at his desk, with a pile of textbooks spread over the table in front of him.
	"Tye." Grace sighed as she hobbled over to him. "Tye," she tried again when he didn't wake. She shook her brother's shoulder with a hand.
	"Grace?" Tye blinked. He sat up and straightened his glasses, which were beginning to slip down his nose.
	"Did you see the message Ruby sent just a couple of hours ago?" Grace asked.
	"What message?" Tye blinked again as he pulled out his phone to scroll through the texts. "I just got home from the cram school an hour ago."
	Grace eyed Tye's textbook-covered desk. "You should take more breaks. You could try going to the gym like Mom keeps telling you to." Grace shrugged at the exasperated look Tye gave her.
	"Ruby has a stalker?" Tye turned back to the group chat. He enlarged the image Ruby had sent to view the man in the background of the selfie. "I thought going to Hawaii would be fun and relaxing. That's really scary."
	"I thought so too. Ruby definitely isn't relaxing now."
	Tye frowned down at the screen of his phone. "Are there any apps that can clear up blurry images?"
	Grace shook her head. "I don't think so. I did a search on it earlier. You only see those sorts of apps in movies."
	Tye let out a heavy sigh. "I wish there was something we could do. But we're all so far away from her now."
	"Her parents are there with her," Grace reassured her brother. "If there really is something serious going on, they'd do whatever they can to keep Ruby safe."
	"Now I'm really not in the right mind to study."
	Grace's phone buzzed. "Look, it's a message from Tilden!"
	"Tilden?" Tye looked over at Grace's phone, despite getting the same message on his.
	"He says he's just arrived in San Francisco."
	"Who did he end up deciding to stay with?" Tye squinted down at the message.
	"It looks like Tomas's place," Grace answered as she read through the block of text Tilden had sent. "He wants to caught up with Isabelle."
	"Do you think he brought San with him?" Tye asked lightly.
	"He didn't say," Grace said disappointedly. "He can't leave us hanging like this forever. Wait-" Grace blinked as a second message popped up on the screen. "What's this?"
	"Tilden is asking us if we'll be able to go join Ruby in Hawaii for a week?" Tye said in disbelief.
	"Do you think Ruby is in trouble?" Grace asked worriedly.
	Tye just stared at his phone. "Do think we could actually go?"
	"I'm not taking any classes right now," Grace said slowly. "I think at least I could go."
	Tye frowned. "I'm doing the cram school. But I guess if I do call in sick next week, I can always catch up on my own time."
	"Are you sure?"
	"If Ruby needs our help, it's a sacrifice I'm willing to take."
	Grace nodded her head. Before she could type back, a message from Mari popped up.
	I'm in! Mari's message read.
	Me too, a message from Tomas followed almost immediately.
	Tye and me as well, Grace typed, and she sent the message as Tye gave her a nod.
	I knew I could count on you guys, a new message from Tilden popped up. I'll cover the cost of the plane tickets. All I need is for you guys to get ready by tonight. I'll pick all of you up and drive you to the airport at seven. The flight leaves at 10pm.
	Grace turned to Tye with wide eyes. "We're leaving tonight?"
	"I guess we are," Tye said in equal bewilderment. "It must be urgent."
	"But why us?" Grace set her phone down, stunned. "Why not just go straight to the police?"
	Tye just shook his head, still in a state of shock. "I guess we'll find out. Now, how do we convince our parents just to let us go to Hawaii?"
	"We could say that we need to help Ruby with an internship," Grace suggested.
	"Even if that's the case, would they really let us go?"
	"It's worth a shot, isn't it? Besides, Tilden will be with us. Both our parents know Tilden. Back in ninth grade, he came over a lot, and our parents seemed to think very highly of him then."
	Tye nodded. "We can try."
	Grace wrung her hands together. "Ruby needs our help. When our parents get home at five, we'll ask them. For now, we can start packing our suitcases."
	"I'll go get a suitcase out of the closet." Tye made to leave the room before pausing in the doorway to turn and face Grace. "You should sit-your foot is still injured, and the doctor said to stay off it as much as possible."
	
~

	The wait for her parents to return home seemed to drag on infinitely. Grace was back in her own room, and she was sitting on her bed with her phone next to her. Finally, five o'clock rolled around. Grace made her way off her bed. She quickly grabbed her crutches and hobbled into the living room. Tye was already there, waiting for their parents to walk in.
	When the door swung open, Grace's mom blinked at them. "What are the two of you doing waiting for us?" she asked in surprise.
	"You know our friend Ruby?" Tye asked.
	"Of course," their mom said, giving Tye a look as if she was trying to figure out what he would say next.
	"Do you remember her older brother, Tilden?" Tye continued.
	"Tilden? Of course I remember him."
	"Tilden invited Grace and me to go to Hawaii to help Ruby with a summer internship," Tye said seriously. "It's only one week long, and the entire trip will be covered."
	"So you're asking if we'll let you go?" the twins' mother concluded.
	Grace nodded her head. "I don't know if we'll be able to get another opportunity like it."
	"You're still injured," Grace's dad added skeptically. "Are you sure you want to go traveling?"
	"I can walk with the crutches." Grace looked up at him hopefully.
	Grace's parents exchanged a glance. "When is this trip?" Grace's dad asked.
	"Tonight," Tye answered. "We need to let Tilden know whether or not to come and pick us up."
	"What about your summer class?"
	"I can make up the work on my own," Tye said determinedly. "I'm willing to put in the work."
	Their mom smiled faintly. "If that's the case, I don't see why the two of you shouldn't go."
	Their dad nodded along. "Neither of you has been to Hawaii before. It will be a fun experience. I hope you enjoy yourselves there."
	Grace beamed. "Thank you!"
	"Thank you!" Tye echoed with a wide grin on his face. "We'll go finish getting ready."

~

	"Tilden just texted." Tye hurried into Grace's room. "He's waiting for us downstairs."
	Grace rose from her seat, and with Tye's help, made her way down the stairs. Tilden had parked outside, and Grace could see that Mari and Tomas were already in the car with him. Grace climbed into the back to join Mari and Tomas, while Tye took the passenger seat next to Tilden.
	Tilden grinned as he swiveled around to look at the three in the back. "Off we go."
	"Tilden." Grace just stared at him after she fastened her seatbelt. The light from the setting sun painted the car in shadows. "You're actually back-you're actually here."
	"It's sweet of you to have missed me." Tilden laughed good-naturedly as his dark-brown eyes sparkled. Even though it had been a few years since Grace had last seen Tilden in person, he looked almost exactly the same as he had back in high school.
	"Are you coming with us to Hawaii?" Tye asked as Tilden set the car into motion.
	"Unfortunately not," Tilden said regretfully. "I'm just your ride to the airport. Ruby's got an interesting situation, and sending you over was the only thing I could think of to help her."
	Mari blinked from where she sat next to Grace. "I didn't know you weren't coming with us."
	Tilden sighed. "I don't know how my parents would react if I just suddenly showed up in front of them. My presence would probably only complicate things."
	A silence fell in the car, and Grace turned to look out the window to watch the buildings and shops blur by. The silence was broken when Tye suddenly sneezed. Once, twice.
	"Are you alright?" Tomas asked.
	Tye pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yeah."
	Grace blinked. "Have you caught a cold? I told you you shouldn't stay up that late studying-look what it's done to your health!"
	"I'm fine, really." Tye turned around to give Grace a half-reassuring, half-exasperated smile. "I haven't caught a cold, I promise."
	"On a different note," Tilden said, "how are you all enjoying being out of school for the summer? I know I haven't been very active on the group chat, but I have been reading all of your messages."
	"It's even better now that you're back," Mari said with a laugh.
	"Don't flatter me." Tilden was laughing as well now. "Do you really want someone as old as me hanging around you cool kids?"
	Tomas raised a brow. "Cool kids? Us?"
	Tilden's shoulders shook with laughter. "Come on. Admit it, won't you? Even back in ninth grade, you all had admirers."
	"That was only because you were with us at the time!"
	"Well, that I can't help. I was pretty cool . . ."
	Eventually, they rolled into the airport, and Tilden helped them unload their luggage from the trunk of the car.
	"I can walk with you inside." Tilden motioned for all of them to follow him. "But once we enter, I'll have to leave the four of you on your own."
	"We appreciate that you were even able to take us this far." Mari smiled gratefully, and Grace nodded along.
	Tilden frowned slightly. "I'm not sure what time it will be in Maui when the plane lands. But even with the time difference, I think it will still be pretty late. Try and get some sleep on the plane if you can."
	"We'll try our best," Tye said as they came to a stop at the entrance to the airport. "We'll do our best to help Ruby."
	"I'm counting on the four of you," Tilden said with a wink. "Send me a text when you arrive, will you? I've already sent all of you the directions to the house my sister is staying at. My parents will be a little surprised with you four showing up and everything, but they'll let you stay. Right now they still feel bad about how they dragged my sister away from the variety show. They'll try and make it up to the four of you."
	Tomas inclined his head. "We'll keep that in mind."
	"Good." Tilden smiled as he looked at the four of them in turn. "Now off you go. Ruby's running out of time."
	After waving goodbye for a final time to Tilden, Grace followed her friends into the airport.
	Tye frowned slightly as they made their way to the line of people waiting to go through security. "Why can't he just directly tell us what's going on?"
	Mari nodded, deep in thought. "He's being very mysterious-he knows something that we don't."
	"And he won't tell us what it is," Tomas finished for her.
	As they waited in line, Tye sneezed again, and Grace turned to him with raised brows. "Are you sure you don't have a cold?"
	Tye shook his head. "I'm fine. It's cold in here, that's all . . ."
	Once they made it through security, the four of them made their way to the waiting area. The city lights flickered outside the large glass windows, and the rows of chairs were reflected in the glass as Grace and her friends took their seats.
	Grace let out a sigh. "And now we wait."
	"And now we wait," Mari echoed, clasping her hands together in her lap.
	Grace sat quietly as she watched the planes outside with their flashing lights. Everything had happened so quickly. It had only been a matter of hours since Tilden had asked them to go to Hawaii to help Ruby out. And it would only be a matter of hours until they arrived on the island.
	Grace couldn't help but wonder just what sort of situation they were about to get themselves into. Was Ruby's stalker dangerous? Had she already been captured and was being held hostage? Did Tilden need them to go and help find Ruby?
	Grace wasn't sure when she had fallen asleep, but she awoke to Mari gently shaking her shoulders. "Grace," Mari said softly. "It's time."
	Grace rubbed the sleep from her eyes. It was time to board the plane. There was open seating, and the tickets Tilden had gotten them allowed them to be in the same boarding group. After a short discussion of who would sit next to strangers, Tomas volunteered to take it.
	Mari took the window seat of their row, Tye the middle one, and it made sense for Grace to take the aisle seat for the sake of laying her crutches down. Tomas had ended up in the seat behind Mari, and the two of them chatted quietly through the crack between the chairs.
	Grace turned to her brother. "Is it even worth trying to sleep? Now that I'm actually on the plane, I don't think I'd be able to sleep even if I wanted to."
	Tye sighed. "Me too. Tilden really made us worry."
	Mari leaned over. "Tomas wants me to remind us to set our phones on airplane mode."
	Grace pulled out her phone. "I almost forgot." Tye followed her lead and set his own phone to airplane mode as well.
	As they waited for all the passengers to finish boarding, Tye turned to address Mari. "You seem happy that Tilden's back."
	"Of course I am," Mari said confidently. "We all are, aren't we? It's been too long since we've seen Tilden in person last."
	"The way you were looking at him today was different than what I remember," Tye said knowingly.
	Mari blinked. "What do you mean?"
	"You used to be all shy around him," Grace added with a smile. "But that's changed now."
	Mari's face reddened. "I was a silly ninth-grader at the time. And he was a really cool upperclassman. I always felt a little embarrassed in his presence."
	"And he was good-looking?"
	"What-? He is good-looking, but that's not the point! He was always just an older brother figure-nothing more than that. And besides, Tilden's in a relationship now."
	"Do you have someone else you like now?" Grace asked playfully.
	Mari folded her arms across her chest. "Maybe I do."
	Just then, the intercom crackled to life, and a woman's voice filled the plane. "Welcome. Please fasten your seat belts. We're about to take flight."

~

	Even though she had tried, Grace wasn't able to get a wink of sleep on the flight. They had just landed, and she had to shake Tye awake. Grace wasn't sure whether Mari or Tomas had been able to get any sleep either, but as they shuffled off the plane, Grace could see that both of them looked tired.
	Grace almost winced at the time as she checked her phone. The morning was still hours off. The four of them made their way out of the airport. Even at night, the air was warm and humid, and the wind was tinged with the scent of the ocean.
	Mari looked around. "Now all we need to do is get a taxi."
	Grace looked around as well. "Ah-ha! The taxis are over there!"
	Mari clapped her hands together. "Perfect!"
	Once the four of them had joined the line of people waiting for taxis, Grace found herself glad to finally be outside again. Her neck, back, and legs were stiff from all the sitting. The sky here on the island was much different than the sky back in San Francisco. There were stars glittering in the night, and each glowing dot was bright against the inky backdrop.
      After lifting her phone up to take a picture of the sky, Grace frowned. Through the camera, she couldn't see the stars. But when she looked past her phone, there they were, glittering down at her. It seemed as if some things couldn't be captured in photographs.
      When it was their turn to board a taxi, the four of them loaded their bags into the back. There was silence as they drove down the otherwise empty highway. They'd see Ruby soon.

    Chapter 12.5

Zhang T: So...

Zhang T: Is anyone here?

Zhang T: I guess not since it's the middle of the night.

Zhang T: Well, San came with me to San Francisco.

Ru?y Z: Hold up hold up hold up

Ru?y Z: San?

Ru?y Z: The San?

Zhang T: Yep. I had been wondering for a while if I'd get the opportunity to show San the place where I grew up, and since San seemed willing enough, the two of us went together.

Ru?y Z: So you're back in the city now?

Zhang T: That's correct. I'm staying at Tomas's place. There's going to be lots of catching up with Isabelle.

Ru?y Z: Oh I see how it is. Isabelle gets to meet San before your own sister does!

Zhang T: Aww my dear sister, you'll get to see San once you get back.

Ru?y Z: Now I really can't wait. You better not leave, you hear me?

Zhang T: Speaking of waiting, the help I sent should arrive very soon...

Ru?y Z: What exactly did you send? Or for that matter, who exactly did you send?

Zhang T: What if I told you it was San?

Ru?y Z: You liar. I know you sent my friends here.

Zhang T: You can thank me later. Remember to be careful, alright?

Ru?y Z: Speaking of friends... well, you'll never believe who I found on the beach tonight...

Tomas Quevedo: Hey Tilden. We've landed.

    Chapter 13

	When the taxi pulled to a stop in front of the house Ruby was staying at, after paying the taxi driver, Tye stood on the sidewalk with his friends, looking up at the house.
	"Should we send Ruby a text?" Mari asked quietly.
	Grace nodded as she pulled out her phone. "I just sent one," she said a moment later. "I told Ruby that we're outside the house."
      Tomas frowned slightly. "She might be sleeping. We might end up having to wait out here all night."
	Tye scanned the sky. "Morning's not that far off. Even if we do end up having to wait outside, it won't be all that bad. At least it's warm enough that we don't even need our jackets."
	Just as Mari took a seat on the pavement, hurried footsteps sounded from inside the house, and the door swung open a moment later to reveal a very disheveled-looking Ruby. Her eyes widened when she saw them, and her stressed expression melted into a grin.
	"Ruby!" Grace exclaimed in an excited whisper.
	"Grace," Ruby said weakly. "Tye, Tomas, Mari. How-? Tilden really was able to send all of you here?"
	Mari rushed forward. "We were all so worried about you! Just what exactly is going on?"
	"Let's go inside first." Ruby stood on her tiptoes to glance over her friends' shoulders. "A lot has happened in the past few days . . ."
	Nodding, the four of them followed Ruby inside.
	"My parents are still asleep upstairs." Ruby tugged at her deep-red hair. "I don't want to deal with them right now-I don't have the energy to deal with them right now. I'll have to figure out what to tell them in the morning. For now, try to keep quiet, okay? This way. There's already someone here I want you guys to meet."
	"Someone here?" Mari asked in confusion.
	Ruby sighed tiredly. "It's a long story. But long story short, I met someone on the beach. He came to me for help. I tried to help him, but I ended up making things worse. His sister got kidnapped because of me, and now I have to figure out how to get her back before anything bad happens to her."
	"What?" Tye said weakly.
	"Yeah . . ." Ruby winced. "It sounds pretty bad. It is pretty bad. The boy I met . . . he's here now. Oh"-Ruby turned to look over her shoulder at them as she stopped in front of a door-"I don't know if I mentioned this earlier, but this boy doesn't speak English. He used to be a merman. Well, until tonight that is. I don't know what happened, but now he seems to be a human. I know it sounds crazy, but it's the truth. Whether you believe the merman part or not, the fact remains that his sister was kidnapped. And not just by anyone; she was kidnapped by one of my dad's co-workers."
	"Was that the man who was following you?" Grace asked quickly. "Does he want to kidnap you too?"
	Ruby shook her head. "I'm not sure. Now that he has an actual mermaid in his possession, I doubt he'll come for me again." After letting out another tired sigh, Ruby pushed open the door to the guest room.
      Tye stepped into the room after Ruby, only realizing he had been holding his breath once he crossed the threshold.
      A boy around his age sat on the bed, dressed in slacks and a button-down shirt that Tye recognized as belonging to Ruby's dad. But the most curious thing about the boy was his sea-glass-colored hair. It was short and jagged as if cut with a dull knife.
	The boy just looked at the four of them, unsure what to think of them. Ruby gestured to her friends, then pointed to herself in an attempt to convey to the boy that she knew them.
	The boy still seemed confused, but he nodded along anyway.
	Ruby pinched the bridge of her nose as if to ward off a headache. "Tomorrow I'm going to try and take him to where his sister is being kept. The only problem is he can't walk."
	"I have an idea," Grace said quickly. "I've got crutches-my own foot has healed enough that I don't really need them. Maybe he can try them."
	Ruby leaned against the wall. "I really need to go to bed. I've been running on caffeine all night, but now I really need a nap. At least two hours. I know the four of you only just got here and must have a million questions. I promise I'll try my best to explain everything tomorrow."
	"Don't worry," Tye reassured Ruby. "We'll take care of him. Go get some sleep."
	"Thank you," Ruby said gratefully before slipping out of the room.
	Tye looked over at Grace, and the two of them exchanged a glance. Maybe the boy in front of them really had been a merman. As ridiculous as it seemed, maybe this was why Ruby hadn't explained the situation over their group chat.
	Had Tilden known about the merman? Maybe this was why Ruby hadn't gone to the police. She couldn't go to the police. If she tried to explain that a mermaid had been kidnapped, the police wouldn't believe her. So . . . that was why she had to take matters into her own hands.
	"What happens now?" Mari asked. "Maybe while Ruby's sleeping, we can try and help the boy figure out how to walk?"
	Tomas nodded his head. "Let's try."
	Grace gingerly set her crutches down on the bed and motioned for the boy to pick them up.
	The boy just gave her a blank look.
	Tye let out a sigh. This was going to be a lot more difficult than he had first thought. The language barrier was one thing, but if the boy couldn't walk, how was Ruby supposed to take him to find his kidnapped sister?
	Turning back to look at the boy, Tye noticed there was something hopeless behind his eyes. But of course. The boy had just lost his sister and wasn't sure if she was safe. Tye turned to look at Grace from where she, Mari, and Tomas were all doing different gestures to try and communicate with the boy.
	If his own sister was kidnapped one day, how would he feel? Well, it wasn't something he wanted to imagine. If Grace was kidnapped, Tye would be devastated. Grace was his older sister-his twin sister. Grace had always been part of his life. He wasn't sure what he'd do if someone put her in danger.
	Tye didn't know how the boy had become a human or if he really had lived under the sea, but alongside the hopelessness in the boy's eyes, there was also determination. The boy wouldn't give up.
	If Grace was kidnapped one day and taken somewhere deep under the sea, Tye would also try and figure out a way to trade his legs for a tail to find her. And while Tye didn't believe in magic or miracles, the boy in front of him was an indicator that both of those things might very well be possible.
	Shaking his head in an attempt to clear it, Tye made his way over to join the others in their attempt to try and get the boy to stand up. The boy had seemed to realize what they wanted him to do, and to his credit, was trying his best to get to his feet.
	After some struggle, the boy managed to stand on his own. But it only lasted a moment before his knees buckled and he fell to the floor.
	"Careful!" Mari and Tomas called instinctively as they lunged forward to help him.
	Tye knelt down next to the boy and held a hand out to him. The boy hesitantly took his hand. Tye motioned for Mari, who was the closest to the boy, to take his other one. Together, the two of them helped pull the boy to his feet. He was standing now. Even if he was swaying slightly, he was standing.
      Grace quickly brought the crutches over and placed them under her own arms. Then she held them out to the boy and motioned for him to do the same. Still tightly holding onto Tye and Mari, the boy let Grace help put the crutches under his arms. Ever so slowly, he let go of Tye and Mari's hands to grasp the handles of the crutches. Tye stepped away as the boy stood there, clutching the crutches tightly.
	Mari stepped away as well, and there was a smile on her face as she clapped her hands together. "Good, good! This is good!" Mari's enthusiasm seemed contagious, as the boy's face relaxed into a smile as well.
	"He's standing by himself now," Tomas noted, "but what do you could help him to walk?"
	"I'll do a quick search to see if we can get any ideas," Tye said as he pulled out his phone.
	"I remember Ruby saying that she wants to take him to the place where his sister is being kept," Mari recalled as Tye looked through his search results. "Even if the boy can walk by tomorrow, something tells me that that place isn't going to be the house next door."
	Tye looked up from his phone. "There was a car parked in the driveway . . . Does Ruby plan to drive there?"
	Tomas shook his head. "Ruby's parents will probably take the car during the day. Besides, Ruby doesn't know how to drive."
	"Do any of us know how to drive?" Grace asked, suddenly worried.
	"I do," Mari said proudly. "I actually have my license and everything."
	"Oh, that's right!" Grace's eyes lit up. "What if we rented a car for ourselves?"
	Mari pulled out her own phone. "I'll look up the cost of car rentals. Hopefully the closest one isn't too far from here. I remember seeing advertisements for them back at the airport."
	"We could also call another taxi to take us to the rental place if we need to," Tomas reassured her.
	After pocketing his phone, Tye stepped over to the boy. While the four of them had been discussing their plans on what to do next, the boy seemed to have tried to move around with the crutches on his own. Tye did his best to guide the boy around and helped steady him when he teetered. An hour or so later, the boy was able to hobble around on his own.
	Tomas checked the time. "We've still got a little while until sunrise. I don't know how many of us were able to get any sleep on the plane-I know I didn't. Maybe we should try and get some sleep."
	Tye turned to look at them. "The three of you can take a nap. I was able to sleep-I've always survived on minimal sleep anyway. I don't feel tired-I can stay up and accompany the boy."
	Nodding, Mari took a seat on the floor and closed her eyes, leaning against the wall. Grace sat down on Mari's left and Tomas on Mari's right.
	Tye turned back to the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair with a sigh. "I guess it's just you and me now."
	The boy just offered Tye a confused smile.

~

	"So," Ruby's mom said weakly as she and her husband sat across from the five of them on the living room couches, "the four of you flew all the way here because you thought Ruby was in danger?"
	Tye sat between Grace and Tomas. He could feel the awkwardness in the air as Ruby's parents looked at all of them. While dealing with Ruby's parents, Ruby had decided it would be for the best for the former merman to stay hidden in the guest bedroom. After all, his presence would be significantly more difficult to explain than the rest of theirs.
	Ruby had also informed them that the fewer people who knew about the existence of the merpeople, the better. The merpeople had hidden themselves away from humans for a reason.
	Now Tye understood why Tilden had sent them to accompany Ruby. The four of them could be trusted to keep the secret. Other people-even Ruby's parents-were more unpredictable.
	Ruby looked at her parents guilty. "Ma, Ba. I'm sorry. I should have told you about the stalker earlier, but with Ba busy with work and everything-"
	"You should have told me." Mr. Zhang shook his head, stunned by the information. "What if that man really did something to you?"
	Ruby sighed. "My friends came because they were worried about me. They didn't want me wandering around by myself. It is true that even when I was alone in the house, I still couldn't help but feel a little on edge."
	Mr. Zhang's face was pale. "Why didn't you go to the police?"
	"I didn't have solid enough evidence of who the man was or even that I was being followed. I really didn't know what to do."
	"We'll go to the police for you." Mrs. Zhang rose to her feet. She made to march to the door, but Ruby was on her feet in an instant and caught her mother's arm.
	"You can send the picture to the police if you want," Ruby said quickly, "but I really don't think it will do any good. I don't want want to get the police involved-not now at least. I won't be going out alone anymore. My friends are here, and they won't let anything happen to me. I know they appeared very suddenly, but now that they're here, I hope you can let them stay."
	Mr. Zhang motioned for Ruby's mom to sit back down. "Of course they can say. It's not as if they're strangers. If you feel safer with them around, they can stay. We've got more than enough space in this house."
	Suddenly the sound of a phone ringing cut through the air, and it was Mr. Zhang's turn to rise. "Hello?" He put his phone to his ear. Then he frowned. "I understand." After pocketing his phone, Ruby's dad let out a curse before walking swiftly to the door. With his hand hovering over the handle, he turned to look back over his shoulder. "I've got to go meet my co-workers. That Stevenson is causing trouble again. Nina"-Mr. Zhang turned to his wife-"I think I have to ask you to take care of Mrs. Stevenson again."
	Mrs. Zhang nodded her head as she rose to her feet. "Will you kids be alright?" she asked worriedly as she walked over to join her husband by the door.
	Mari flashed her a reassuring smile. "We'll be fine. Don't worry."
	Nodding, Mrs. Zhang followed her husband out the door. There was the sound of car doors opening and closing, followed by the sound of the car backing out of the driveway.
	"What happens now?" Grace asked quietly.
	Tye rose to his feet. "Now we go get a car of our own. The closest car rental place is still the one near the airport. We'll have to take a taxi."
	"I do have a bike," Ruby said suddenly. "But I guess that wouldn't be fast enough."
	Mari stood as well. "I can go get the car, but I don't really want to go alone."
	"Either Tomas or I could go with you," Tye offered. "Ruby would probably want to stay here with the merman, and Grace should probably try and stay in one place as much as possible for the sake of her foot."
	"Would you mind if I asked both of you to come with me?" Mari looked between Tye and Tomas. "Being here on the island still feels so new."
	Tye nodded, and the three of them made their way outside to call a taxi. After Mari made the phone call, the three of them stood there in silence.
	"I can't believe what's going on," Mari said after a while. "It's just a lot to try and wrap my head around."
	"It is," Tomas agreed. Then he frowned slightly as he looked at Mari and Tye in turn. "Do the two of you believe that that boy was actually a merman?"
	"I don't know." Mari tugged on her braids. "While it doesn't seem completely impossible, it does go against everything I've ever learned and think I know."
	Tye let out a sigh. "I feel that. But I believe Ruby. If she says that the boy was a merman, I believe that too."
	"Who do you think kidnapped the merman's sister?" Tomas asked. "It seems like these merpeople tend to hide from the humans. Theoretically, his sister never should have been seen."
	"Could it have been the man who was following her?" Tye said slowly. "If he saw Ruby with the merman, maybe he went searching for merpeople and ended up finding the sister. If you were that man who just kidnapped a merman, what would be the first thing you'd do?"
	"I'd want to tell everyone about it," Mari said thoughtfully. "I'd show the mermaid to the world. But if that man announced it, would anyone believe him?"
	Tomas shook his head. "Probably not from his words alone."
      "If only the picture Ruby took had been clearer," Mari lamented. "At least if the police could find and identify that man, maybe we'd be able to get some information on him as well." Then Mari trailed off as the taxi pulled up to the sidewalk. "Come on, our ride's here."
	The three of them crowded into the back seats and sat in silence. With the taxi driver there in front, they had to put their conversation on hold.
	Tomas was in the middle seat this time, and he had taken his phone out to open the picture Ruby had sent the group chat. He had enlarged the picture and zoomed in on the man in the background.
	"Hold up," Tye said suddenly as he motioned for Tomas to hand him the phone.
	Tomas passed the phone over to Tye, and his brows were raised as he watched Tye look over the picture.
	"I think we were approaching this incorrectly," Tye said. His eyes were glued to the image. "We were trying to identify the man's face. But look at his shoes! They're covered in what appears to be dirt and mud."
	"How do you know the shoes aren't just brown?" Tomas looked over Tye's shoulder at the image.
	"Look here." Tye pointed to the top of the man's shoes. "You can see here that they were originally white in color."
	"What does that have to do with anything?" Mari asked in confusion.
	"It's a clue," Tye said proudly. "If we see anyone walking around with such shoes, we'll know to keep an eye on them."
	Tomas looked at the image as Tye passed the phone back over to him. "If that really is dirt on his shoes, he got them very dirty. I know none of my shoes have ever looked like that."
	"Should we look for footprints?" Mari asked suddenly. "If he had just gotten them dirty, maybe they would have left marks?"
	"We should ask Ruby what route she took on her walk," Tye said. "Maybe it will give us something to go on."
	When they arrived at the car rental, Tye and Tomas helped Mari pick out the cheapest car, and then they were off again.
	Back at the house, Mari parked the car in the driveway, and the three of them climbed out before hurrying over to knock on the door. Ruby promptly answered it, and they entered to find the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair hobbling around the living room on crutches.
	"It looks like he's made a lot of progress," Mari noted, impressed.
	Ruby nodded proudly. "He has."
	Tomas turned to Ruby with a serious look on his face. "Ruby, do you remember the walk you took when that man followed you? Do you still know the streets you took?"
	Ruby blinked. "I do. Did you guys find something important?"
	"His shoes looked very dirty," Tye explained. "Maybe he left tracks of some sort."
	Ruby's eyes widened. "I'll take you right now-Singsing needs to get out for a walk anyway. Should it be just the two of us? Or do you think it's better to travel in groups of three?"
	"I'll stay behind this time," Mari offered.
	Tye looked over at Ruby. "It will probably be fine with just the two of us. As you said, now that the man has a mermaid, it's very likely he's lost interest in you."
	Ruby nodded as she went to find a leash for Singsing. "Let's go."
	Back outside the house, Tye walked beside Ruby as they made their way down the streets. The warm sun in the clear sky beat down on them as they walked.
	"Do you think the merman will stay a human forever?" Tye asked after a while.
	"Forever?" Ruby said thoughtfully. "I don't think so. He doesn't live up here. The ocean is his home."
	"But would he do it if it meant his sister could return home?"
	"Last night, before the four of you arrived, he kept holding up three fingers. I came to the conclusion that that meant he could only be a human for three-three something. I ruled out three minutes and three hours. Maybe he can only be a human for three days."
	"If that's the case, we really don't have a whole lot of time. Look!" Tye said suddenly from where he had been scanning the sidewalk. There were indeed tracks. Crouching down, Tye snapped a picture of the shoeprint.
	Ruby crouched down as well. "Are we sure that these belonged to that man?"
	"I don't know for sure, but let's follow them to where the dirt is the thickest," Tye said quickly.
	The two of them quickened their pace. They followed the shoeprints, all the while eyeing the shoes of everyone who walked past them.
	"They look like they come to a stop here." Tye pointed to the ground. "But there's nothing here."
	"This is the highway!" Ruby suddenly realized. "He must have been dropped off by someone."
	Tye furrowed his brow. "Have you gone that way before?"
	"I have," Ruby said, suddenly frowning. "When I went to visit the farm . . ." Her head snapped up to look at Tye. "Don't tell me he came from the farm?"
	"Farm?" Tye just blinked in confusion. "What farm?"

    Chapter 13.5

tyedyemaster_2000: Looks like we've got a situation.

~graceful~: Haven't we had a situation ever since we arrived on the island?

tyedyemaster_2000: Ruby has a suspicion of who the man following her might be.

MariMariMari!!: Do you know who he is??

tyedyemaster_2000: We think he works at the same company as Ruby's dad.

~graceful~: And he was following Ruby? That doesn't sound good at all.

MariMariMari!!: But why would he do something like that?

tyedyemaster_2000: I remember Ruby saying something about her dad competing to get a promotion. Maybe the man was trying to get dirt on Ruby's dad.

MariMariMari!!: By following Ruby?? That's too much!

MariMariMari!!: What would he do? Capture her and force her dad to give the position to him?

~graceful~: Oh snap!

tyedyemaster_2000: Oh snap!

MariMariMari!!: Wait I wasn't being serious! Would he really do that?

tyedyemaster_2000: I need to tell Ruby

tyedyemaster_2000: Let's talk later, yes?

SYSTEM: tyedyemaster_2000 is now offline.

~graceful~: Things just got very creepy.



    Chapter 14

	"That Mr. Stevenson . . ." Ruby crouched down by the side of the road. "I can't believe it. Would he really go that far to kidnap me just to get to my dad?"
	"Some people will do crazy things when they're desperate," Tye said, and Ruby looked up at him tiredly.
	Ruby slowly rose to her feet, and a wind picked up to set her hair flying. "The farm belongs to the company my dad works at. The ocean water was becoming contaminated from all the runoff, and that's why the merman came to me in the first place. He wanted me to help him figure out where the cause of the contamination was coming from. Was Mr. Stevenson angry about how my dad started looking into it and wanted to kidnap me to get back at him?"
	Tye motioned for Ruby to follow him back the way they had come. "If it really is Mr. Stevenson, at least now we know who he is. But something tells me that if we were to call the police on him here and now, we still wouldn't have the evidence we'd need to prove anything."
	Ruby let out a sigh. "Let's drive down to the boat where the merman's sister is being kept. I want to see what the situation is looking like."

~

	When the two of them returned to the house, Mari was the one who greeted them at the door.
	"Let's take a drive," Ruby said breathlessly.
	Mari nodded. "Alright."
	"Who else is coming along this time?" Ruby asked as she looked at the rest of her friends.
	"Maybe we should bring him along this time." Tomas gestured to the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair. "I can stay behind."
	There was silence in the car as they drove toward the dock. Mari sat in the driver's seat, and even though she didn't seem nervous, Ruby noted how her friend's knuckles had whitened from where she was grasping the steering wheel.
	Ruby sat in the passenger seat, instructing Mari which roads to take. Behind them, Tye, Grace, and the former merman sat in a row. The latter sat behind Ruby and was looking absently out the window. If he was fazed by the car ride, he didn't show it.
	"There," Ruby said quietly, pointing to the row of boats that were floating by the dock. "It's the white fishing boat."
	After driving past the docks, Mari parked the car a little distance away. They'd get out of the car and walk back around to check it. Well, Mari, Grace, and Tye would go and check it out. For now, it would be safer if Ruby kept a low profile. She'd stay in the car with the merman.
	After Ruby's friends left the car, she joined the boy in the back. Mari had started a video call and was showing Ruby the path down to the docks.
	"That's the fishing boat." Grace's voice floated out from the phone.
	"Does there look like there's anyone around it?" Ruby asked quickly. "Is there anyone watching the dock?"
	"Well," Tye said slowly, as the three of them passed the dock and headed further down the path, "I think we found the man with the dirty shoes."
	Ruby inhaled sharply.
	"Don't worry," Grace said quickly. "I don't think he seemed very interested in us. He's just kind of walking around. He's definitely guarding the boat-which means the mermaid has to be on it!"
	"Watch out!" Mari said suddenly. "He's heading toward where we parked the car!"
	Ruby's heart rate seemed to accelerate as she hurriedly slid off her seat and crouched down on the floor of the car. She gestured for the boy to do the same, and the boy didn't need to be told twice before he ducked down beneath the window as well.
	Ruby pressed a finger to her lips, and the boy nodded, understanding the universal gesture. As she shakily hung up on the video call, Ruby could hear the sound of her heart beating in her ears. 
Her skin prickled, and goosebumps ran down her arms despite the summer heat. Suddenly, Ruby pulled out her phone. Her fingers flew over the keys as she typed a message to her friends.
	While the man's distracted, would it be possible to get onto the boat?
	He won't be distracted for long, Mari's reply came almost instantly.
	What if we distracted him? Ruby sent another message. I could try and lure him away.
	It's too dangerous. What if he's armed? I'll lure him away.
	You? If he injures you somehow, how are the rest of us supposed to get away? You're the only one who knows how to operate our getaway car, remember?
	Grace is offering. When the man comes back, she'll try to lead him away. Once he's out of sight, bring the merman to the boat. Maybe he'll be able to sense his sister there.
	Ruby let out a sigh as she stared down at the screen of her phone for a long moment.
	He's coming back to the dock, a message from Tye popped up. I think you're in the clear.
	Ruby slowly rose and checked out the windows before motioning for the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair to rise as well. Ruby pushed open the door to the car. She held it open for the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair to exit as well. They made their way as quickly down the slope to the dock, and Tye and Mari beckoned them over the moment they saw them.
	"The three of you can go onto the boat," Mari said in a whisper. The rush of the wind carried her voice away the moment the words left her mouth. "I'll try my best to cover you from out here."
	Ruby hurried onto the boat, and Tye helped the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair. Even though the wind was strong, the water seemed fairly calm, and the boat didn't rock as much as Ruby thought it would. As she looked around the deck, Ruby quickly snapped pictures of everything she could.
	Tye found the stairs leading down under the deck, and he had vanished down them by the time Ruby turned back around. Moving swiftly, Ruby descended the steps only to find Tye and the former merman standing in front of a locked door.
	"That has to be where the mermaid is being kept," Tye said quietly, eyeing the lock.
	Ruby and Tye exchanged a glance. Something told Ruby that breaking down the door wasn't an option. The door look study enough that if either of them tried, they'd sooner be broken by the door than bust their way into the room beyond.
	Tye took a picture of the lock, making sure not to touch it with his hands. "Fingerprints," Tye said knowingly. "Don't touch anything with your bare skin."
	Ruby leaned forward to examine the lock as well. She felt a light tap on her shoulder a moment later, and she turned to see the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair looking at her expectantly. Ruby sighed defeatedly as she pointed to the lock on the door. She tried her best to motion that they couldn't get inside.
	The boy motioned to the door, and Ruby stepped aside to let him look at the metal. He gently tapped on the metal with the toe of his shoe before calling out. His words were in a language Ruby had never heard before, and it had just occurred to her that she had never him speak before.
	Suddenly, a faint voice called back from the other side of the door. The voice beyond the door belongs to a female, and the words were in the same musical language as the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair.
	"What should we do?" Tye asked quietly. "If we can't open the door, I'd suggest stealing the entire boat, but I don't even know how to drive a car, let alone a boat."
	"We can't just steal the boat. I think we're better off having someone watch the boat in case they try to move the mermaid. If they do move her, that will probably be our only opportunity to get her."
	Tye frowned slightly. "What if we tackled the man with the dirty shoes? Do you think he has the key?"
	"Do you really think we could take him?"
	"With all five of us? I'd say we'd have about a fifty-fifty chance of success."
	"And what happens if we fail?"
	"We probably end up at the police station. And if I'm being real with you, between messing with the police and not messing with the police, I'd rather avoid them."
	"Did you guys find anything?" Mari asked when they hopped back onto the land.
	Ruby pinched the bridge of her nose. "The mermaid is locked behind a door. Let's take turns watching the dock for now. I need to wait for my dad to get back. I think he can help us."
	"I can stay and watch," Tye offered.
	Mari turned to Ruby and the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair. "Let's head back to the car, then. Grace will meet us there later. I'm supposed to send her a text once we're all back in the car."
	Nodding, Ruby followed Mari back up the slope. They didn't have to wait long for Grace to appear. She was by herself, and the man with the dirty shoes was nowhere to be seen.
	"Where did you bring him?" Ruby asked once the car door had closed behind Grace.
	"I told him I lost my watch back down the path," Grace said lightly. "I had him help me look for it and managed to sneak some pictures of him." She held out her phone to Ruby and swiped through the images. "Now we have his face."
	"I can't say I've seen him before." Ruby enlarged the image on the screen. "If he does work at the same company as my dad, he probably isn't a very important figure. Maybe Mr. Stevenson bought him off."
	"I'll text these pictures to you. You should still show them to your dad just in case he knows who the man is."
	
~

	The waiting around was the worst part. Ruby wasn't sure how she felt about going outside in case someone decided to watch or follow her again. What if there had been more than one person watching her? What if the man with the dirty shoes wasn't the only one?
	Later in the day, Tomas took Ruby's bike to take over the position of watching the boat from Tye. So far there hadn't been any movement, but the man with the dirty shoes wasn't showing any sign of leaving.
	"I don't know if he plans to stay there all night," was the first thing Tye said when he came in through the front door. "That man just won't leave."
	After what felt like ages, Ruby's parents finally returned to the house.
	Ruby jumped up, phone in hand as she hurried over to greet them. "Ba"-Ruby held her phone in her dad's face-"do you know this man?"
	"Who's this?" Ruby's dad blinked in surprise. He took the phone from Ruby and frowned down at the picture. "I can't say I know him personally, but I've seen him hanging around Stevenson before."
	"Ba, this was the man who was following me."
	Ruby's dad looked worried. "Are you sure it was this man?"
	"I'm positive." Ruby nodded grimly. "We found him again today. I still remember the way he walked-his posture. It was exactly the same."
	"Who took these pictures?" Ruby's dad asked faintly.
	"Grace did," Ruby explained.
	Her dad's expression darkened. "That Stevenson! Just today, he got busted in front of the higher-ups for trying to hide what the runoff from the farm was doing to the water. But he didn't even put up a fight. He didn't even seem to care."
	That's because he found something even more profitable. Ruby closed her eyes for a brief moment.
	"What was Mr. Stevenson doing on the farm in the first place?" Ruby's mom asked.
	"The higher-ups put him in charge of it," Ruby's dad said darkly. "They liked the way he was working it. He always had a way of producing the most amount of goods with the least amount of money. But his methods have always been shady, and someone's always getting hurt because of him. All these years he's been trying to hide it, but now with what happened at the farm, we have enough proof to keep him away from the position of CEO for good."
	Ruby looked at her dad. "So you're going to become the CEO, then?"
	"I am." Her dad's expression melted into a brief and satisfied smile. "Stevenson didn't even try to defend himself. I think he realizes he's at the end of the line he himself threw."
	Ruby held her dad's gaze. "Ba, I need your help."
	"My help? What's going on?"
	"I'm afraid Mr. Stevenson might be up to something bad. He kidnapped someone."
	"He-he what?" Ruby's dad stared at her in disbelief.
	"He kidnapped someone," Ruby repeated. "He had sent someone to follow me, and I witnessed it."
	"We need to go to the police," Ruby's dad said, turning to make his way to the door. 
	"No." Ruby swiftly moved to block her father's path. "We can't go to the police about this."
	"Why not?" Ruby's mom asked faintly.
	"I didn't want to tell you in case you went to the police, but now I realize that I have no choice but to ask for your help. Please, just let me explain."
	Ruby's dad walked over to the couch. "Tell us everything. And after you've explained what's going on, then we'll decide whether or not it would be for the best to go to the police."
	Ruby let out a sigh. "It's a complicated situation. In fact, the person who was kidnapped isn't exactly a person-she's a mermaid."
	"What?" Ruby's dad just stared at her.
	"Believe it or not," Ruby said firmly, "just please don't go to the police. No one knows about her existence. And that's why Mr. Stevenson is adamant about holding onto her."
	"I-" Ruby's dad stuttered, at a loss for words. "What?"
	"You don't have to do anything about the mermaid situation," Ruby cut him off. "All I'm asking is if you can try and go after him for the contaminated water. The more time he's preoccupied with something that isn't the mermaid, the better."
	"It's true that Mr. Stevenson was let off a little too lightly for nearly tainting our company's name . . ." Ruby's dad seemed to recover from his initial shock. "And while I wouldn't mind seeing him struggle to defend himself, you don't think the mermaid story is a little too unbelievable?"
	"What Ruby's saying is true," Mari piped up. "I believe Ruby. At first, I was skeptical, but then I thought, 'why can't merpeople exist?' Just because we've never seen them before doesn't mean they aren't out there somewhere."
	"She's right," Tye added. "If Mr. Stevenson exposes the mermaid to the world, the merpeople will never be able to live in peace again. There's a reason why they don't make their presence known to humans."
	"If Mr. Stevenson exposes the merpeople to the world," Grace said softly, "he'll become famous. And isn't that what he wants?"
	"We can't let that happen," Ruby's dad said darkly. "Mermaid or not, he can't go around kidnapping people. Tomorrow I'll bring up the issue of the contaminated water again and see if we can call Mr. Stevenson in. He's been ignoring our summons recently . . ."
	"Thank you," Ruby breathed. Then she blinked. "Oh, Ba, one last thing. Do you have any pictures of Mr. Stevenson on your phone? I don't think my friends know what he looks like."
	Ruby's dad pulled out his phone. "He's got a couple on the company website. I'll send you the link."
	Ruby nodded, and her phone vibrated as it received the message.
	"Where's Tomas?" Ruby's mom looked around, seeming to realize that Tomas was absent.
	"He's keeping an eye on the boat where the mermaid is being kept," Ruby explained.
	"Could you show me where this boat is?" Ruby's dad asked weakly. "I need to confirm for myself whether Stevenson really is doing something that can get him in a big pile of trouble. Maybe this will be my chance to get him out of the workplace once and for all."
	"I can show you the way." Ruby rose to her feet, and her dad followed her lead. She looked over her shoulder at her friends before slipping outside. They'd take care of the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair in her absence.
	There was silence in the car, save for Ruby's quiet instructions of "right" and "take a left there." When they arrived at the parking lot above the dock, the two of them got out of the car. Ruby spotted Tomas almost instantly. Tomas seemed to spot them just as quickly, and his brows arched in a silent question.
	Ruby just beckoned Tomas to come over to them. "My dad wants to assess the situation," Ruby told him quietly when he came to a stop beside her.
	"I've realized that by standing over there"-Tomas pointed to where he had previously been looking out over the water-"the man with the dirty shoes can't see us. There's something about the way the grass covers the slope that makes it nearly impossible to be spotted from down on the dock. I found it by accident, but I've been taking advantage of it ever since."
	"It's brilliant," Ruby whispered as the two of them watched her dad make his way down to the dock. "Let's go over there and watch."
	Crouching down behind the tall grass, Ruby looked down at the sand and the wooden dock below. Her dad had made his way over to the man with the dirty shoes and seemed to have struck up a conversation with him. Finally, Ruby's dad turned and made his way back up the slope. His expression was grim.
	"He's really got someone on that boat," Ruby's dad muttered as he climbed back into the car. Ruby followed him, leaving Tomas to continue watching the dock.
	"What do you propose to do?" Ruby asked cautiously.
	Ruby's dad drummed his fingers on the car's steering wheel. "I'll try and talk to Mr. Stevenson."
	"Would talking to him really make him release his prisoner?"
	"I'll put together an argument to present to the higher-ups about why Stevenson should be fired," Ruby's dad said darkly. "Let's see how confident he is once he's lost his job."
	"But wouldn't that-?"
	Ruby's dad looked over at his daughter. "Once his pride has been injured, he'll do something rash-he'll make a move. That will be our chance to catch him."
	As they drove back to the house, Ruby looked out the window and watched the clouds in the vibrant blue sky. "We know where the mermaid is being kept on the boat," Ruby said after a while. "She's below deck in a locked room."
	"You've been on the boat?"
	"Yeah . . . we sneaked on."
	"Is freeing a mermaid really worth your safety? If you're caught sneaking around in places you shouldn't be, you could be caught by the police."
	"Isn't freeing the mermaid the right thing to do? I-we need to protect them. If other people find out about them, they'll be forced to leave their home here and will always be on the run from humans." Ruby let out a sigh as they pulled into the driveway. "Ba, there's someone I'd like you to meet."

    Chapter 14.5

Tomas Quevedo: If I'm being honest with you guys, I haven't felt this stressed out since our finals.

tyedyemaster_2000: Yeah... me too.

tyedyemaster_2000: Tomas, are you on your way back? It's been a little while since Grace left.

Tomas Quevedo: Grace just got here.

Tomas Quevedo: On a lighter note, did I tell you I was messaging my sister earlier today? Well anyway, I asked her about Tilden since he's staying with her now.

tyedyemaster_2000: Did you ask her about San? Did she tell you anything?

Tomas Quevedo: I asked, but she wouldn't tell me anything. She and Tilden are both in on it together. Too bad I couldn't see San when Tilden first arrived at my house.

Zhang T: Hahaha! You'll never figure out who San is!

Zhang T: Well, never as in until you get back to San Francisco.

Zhang T: I think San wants to meet all of you. I mean I have talked about all of you quite a bit...

tyedyemaster_2000: Hahaha is San getting more annoyed than us?

Zhang T: This has been a fun game while it lasted, but I think both sides are finally getting tired of it.

Tomas Quevedo: Tilden, if someone had just been kidnapped and was locked away behind a door without a key, what would you do?

Zhang T: Is there no way to open the door? No way to find the key?

Tomas Quevedo: The location of the key and who is holding onto it is still unknown. Breaking down the door is out of the question. Nothing that will get the police called.

Zhang T: Well, in that case, I think the only other option is to force them into a situation where they have to open the door themselves.

Tomas Quevedo: I'm glad we came to the same conclusion. Anyway, here's a picture of the beach.

    Chapter 15

	Mari sat on the ground, her chin resting on her hands as she gazed out at the dock. Just a week ago, Mari had been ready to spend the majority of her summer in her room, trying to ignore the messages from random people on the internet whom she could never seem to fully block out. She never had expected this from her summer vacation.
	Mari absently watched the man with the dirty shoes as he pace back and forth. She wondered how much he was being paid to stand there all day. He had to leave eventually, didn't he?
	Suddenly, there was movement from the far side of the dock. A man in tropical-patterned shorts and a matching shirt was walking toward the man with the dirty shoes.
	Mari quickly set her phone to record. From the pictures Ruby had shared with them of Mr. Stevenson, the man in the colorful outfit looked just like him. Mari couldn't hear their conversation, but the man with the dirty shoes kept pointing at the boat. She could tell he was getting more and more exasperated as they spoke, his gestures becoming increasingly impatient. Finally, their conversation ended, and Mr. Stevenson walked away.
	Mari zoomed in with her phone camera on the man with the dirty shoes. He was grumbling as he glared after Mr. Stevenson. Mari stopped her recording and sent it to the group chat before quickly typing, Man with the dirty shoes doesn't seem to always get along with Mr. Stevenson. Could that work in our favor?
	Then Mari's fingers stilled over the keys, and her head snapped back to Mr. Stevenson's retreating figure. Mr. Stevenson had finally shown himself. This was an opportunity that couldn't be wasted. Scrambling to her feet, Mari hurried to trail after him, typing a new message as she went. I'm going to follow Mr. Stevenson. Someone else might want to watch the dock in my place. Tucking her phone away, Mari quickened her pace. Fortunately, Mr. Stevenson was very easy to spot in his colorful attire.
	Eventually, Mr. Stevenson reached a flight of steps built into the rocky slope leading up to the main road, and Mari made sure to fall back to leave a block's worth of space between them. The further she went from the dock and the house where Ruby and her family were staying, the more uncertain Mari began to feel. What if she got caught? What if she got lost?
	Mari wasn't particularly worried about getting lost-she had her phone on her, after all. But then again, Mari had only been on the island a day, and the buildings and trees had yet to look familiar.
	After some time, Mr. Stevenson came to a stop at a cafe. He entered the building and vanished from sight. Mari lingered at the entrance for a good minute or two before entering as well. The chill of the air conditioning hit her full in the face the moment she stepped through the door.
      Mr. Stevenson was waiting in the line at the counter, and Mari quietly joined it as well. Mari watched as Mr. Stevenson ordered a coffee and then sat at one of the tables.
      Glancing up at the menu, Mari decided to order a fruit smoothie for herself. It would look suspicious for her to be hanging around in the cafe otherwise. After she had placed her order, Mari took a seat at the table directly behind Mr. Stevenson's. She pulled out her phone and pretended to be busy scrolling through her social media.
      Even after Mr. Stevenson's coffee arrived, he seemed too focused on typing on his phone, and the drink went untouched. Mari glanced over and caught a glimpse of Mr. Stevenson's screen. The tiny letters were too small to make out.
      Mr. Stevenson finally reached for his coffee and rose to his feet. Mari gave him a thirty-second start before she exited the cafe after him.
      This time, Mari walked closer to Mr. Stevenson. He seemed to be on a call with someone, and his voice was growing progressively louder. It seemed like whoever was on the other end of the phone wasn't liking what he was saying.
      "I told you to get the press out here as soon as possible!" Mr. Stevenson hissed into the phone. "What do you mean I need to get permission from the higher-ups? They've already permitted it! What? Now you're asking me for proof? What more proof do you need? You'll regret it if you don't show up! I'm warning you-hello? Hello?"
      Cursing, Mr. Stevenson angrily looked down at his phone. His pace had increased, and Mari had to quicken her own to keep up. After dialing a new number, Mr. Stevenson put his phone back to his ear.
      "Hello? Yes, I'm Mr. Stevenson. Did you get the email I sent you? The pictures I enclosed? What do you mean I'm playing a joke? This is not a scam." Mr. Stevenson's voice was calm even though Mari could see his free hand clenching and unclenching. "Just send a couple of people out. A couple of people are all we need. I promise you I'm speaking nothing but the truth. Yes, call me back once you've thoroughly considered the offer."
      Mari only realized she was holding her breath when her lungs began to strain. Coughing, she took a drink of her smoothie. She walked faster and passed by Mr. Stevenson. Now in front of him, she could feel his eyes on the back of her head as she pulled out her phone, pretending to check her text messages.
      Mari wasn't sure how far away she was from the dock now-it felt as if she could have been tailing Mr. Stevenson for hours. Looking down at her phone, Mari really did check her messages this time. All of her friends had sent her messages warning her to be careful and that following Mr. Stevenson could be dangerous.
      After reassuring them that she was alright, Mari quickly typed down everything she had overheard about Mr. Stevenson wanting to get the press out as soon as possible. If Mr. Stevenson really did get the press to come out, they'd most likely show up the following morning. So that meant . . . if they wanted to free the mermaid, they'd have to act tonight.
      Mari's phone buzzed, and she squinted to see the screen against the glare of the sun. She slowed and let Mr. Stevenson pass her back up. The message was from Tomas. Mari, Ruby's parents are taking us out to dinner, Tomas's message read. What time do you think you'll be back? We'll wait for you.
      Don't wait for me, Mari typed quickly. I still want to follow Mr. Stevenson a little longer.
      Grace and Ruby went to the locksmith with a picture of the lock. Tomas informed her. Turns out the lock itself isn't a very complex one. They were able to get a key. Once night falls, we'll try and make a move. Ruby's parents are helping us now. I think we might have a chance.
      
~

	Mari had followed Mr. Stevenson to several different buildings. One of them was a restaurant, where he spent a good hour inside. Mari had lingered outside the entire time. She had undone her hair, hoping that under the cover of night, she'd look different enough that Mr. Stevenson wouldn't start suspecting anything. Or maybe he already had begun to suspect her. She wasn't completely sure.
	Finally, Mr. Stevenson walked into a house. Mari lingered around the premises for a good ten minutes, and after snapping a picture of the address, she turned around and hurried back the way she had come. Night had fallen, and as Mari walked, she began to get the feeling that someone was following her. But whenever she snuck a glance over her shoulder, she couldn't see anyone through the dark.
      Starting to feel a little uneasy, Mari picked up her pace. She was far from the house Ruby was staying at . . . a little too far. Mari was speed walking now as her heart pounded a little too quickly in her chest. Why had she followed Mr. Stevenson for so long?
	Suddenly feeling not very confident anymore, Mari felt her spine prickle, and then a moment later, she collided with someone. Mari nearly let out a cry as she staggered. Before she could topple onto the pavement, a rouge hand caught her by the arm and set her upright.
	"Are you alright, miss?" a man's voice asked.
	"Yes," Mari said shakenly as she dropped her gaze. "I'm so sorry-I didn't mean to run into you . . ." Even in the dark, she recognized those shoes caked with dirt. It was the man from the dock. Mari looked up, thunderstruck. The man had left the dock? "I'm sorry," Mari repeated again, quicker this time. "I got to go!"
	Sprinting off, Mari could feel the man's eyes lingering on her back. Mari hurried onward past the dock. The ocean was painted in shades of rippling silver, and the entire world was enveloped in the color of the night. There was something beautiful about it, and if Mari hadn't been in such a rush, she would have stood there on the street to gaze out at where the ocean met the sky.
	Mari finally arrived at the house, and she nearly blinked at the time when she checked her phone. It was ten o'clock. Still clutching a stitch in her side, Mari rang the doorbell. The door opened a moment later to reveal a very worried-looking Tomas.
	"Mari!" Tomas quickly stepped aside to let Mari cross the threshold. "You didn't respond to any of our messages-we were starting to get worried something had happened to you."
	"I'm fine," Mari panted. "I found out where Mr. Stevenson is staying. And then-and then on my way back, I ran into the man who was watching the dock. Now thinking about it, he wouldn't stay there all night, would he? There shouldn't be anyone on the dock right now!"
	After closing the door behind Mari, Tomas walked over to where the others were sitting on the couch. "Where are your parents?" Mari asked, realizing that Ruby's parents were absent from the picture.
	"My mom went to bed early," Ruby explained. "My dad left again to talk to his co-workers about Mr. Stevenson. He should be back soon."
	"Should we go?" Grace asked uncertainly.
	"This might be our only chance," Ruby said grimly. "Now we have a key."
	Tye looked at them. "Shouldn't we wait until it gets later? There could still be other people around the dock."
	Ruby pressed her hands to the sides of her face. "I don't know. None of us are watching the dock anymore. What if the mermaid is moved?"
	"Let's wait an hour, then," Tomas suggested. "Mari still hasn't had anything to eat."
	Mari blinked. That was true. She hadn't realized how hungry she was until her stomach let out a grumble.

~

	Mari stood next to the car as her friends quickly climbed out and hurried down the slope. Mari looked on worriedly. It was dark, and if they weren't careful, someone was going to get injured.
	The five of them had left the merman back at the house. He had fallen asleep, and he had seemed so exhausted that none of them had the heart to wake him.
	Mari tugged on one of her braids as she squinted into the dark. By now, all of her friends should have arrived at the bottom of the slope. Now it was her turn.
	As they made their way through the sand and then over the wood of the dock, each footstep sounded like a cannon blast in the stillness of the night. Mari couldn't help but get an uneasy feeling as the five of them easily climbed onto the boat.
	After hurrying down the stairs to the locked door, Ruby fumbled with the keys in the dark. "I can't see anything," she said with a grimace.
	Suddenly a light flickered to life. Mari whirled, and the brightness blinded her as she turned directly into it. From next to her, Mari could hear Tomas inhale sharply.
	"Does this help?" a voice asked.
	Mari squinted past the light to the man silhouetted behind it. She grabbed Tomas's arm in a panic. "That's Mr. Stevenson!"
	"What are you kids doing on my boat?" Mr. Stevenson asked.
	"Why did you send someone to follow me?" Ruby countered. She handed the key to the door to Tye before stepping up to stand in front of her friends.
	"Me?" Mr. Stevenson just let out a good-natured chuckle. "Send someone to follow you? What kind of nonsense are you talking about?"
	Ruby angled her head to the side. "So you won't admit it? Even when we have proof?"
	"Proof?" Mr. Stevenson asked sharply. His composure melted for a brief moment. "What proof?"
	Ruby placed a hand on her hip. "We have photos."
	"That still doesn't answer the question of why you kids are on my boat." Mr. Stevenson folded his arms over his chest. Mari shrunk back into the darkness. They were practically deer in headlights. And with Mr. Stevenson on the top of the stairs . . . would he let them pass? Would he escort them off the boat? Or was he trying to stall for time?
	"Oh, I've already called the police." Mr. Stevenson was smiling now. "You kids should know better than to try and run. You should be mature enough to take responsibility for your actions."
	"And what about your actions?" Ruby countered calmly. "You contaminated he water. Your company could get in serious trouble for that. Would you shoulder the blame yourself?"
	"I'm still surprised you found out about the water." Mr. Stevenson's tone was amused. "Next time I'll cover my tracks better."
	Ruby ignored his remark. "My dad was never wrong when he complained about you."
	"Your dad was going to be at my mercy if it wasn't for you ruining things." Mr. Stevenson's tone changed. "Would it hurt you to keep your nose out of other people's business?"
	"Keep our noses out of other people's businesses?" Mari stepped over to stand at Ruby's side. "The ocean isn't just one person's business. It isn't something we can afford to lose!"
	"Who do you think you are?" Mr. Stevenson took a step down the stairs. Mari took a step backward at Mr. Stevenson's advance, but Ruby held her ground.
	Ruby glared. "Why did you send someone to follow me?"
	"I see how it is now. You don't have any proof. But you don't have to worry. I don't need you anymore. I don't even need your dad or his company anymore!"
	"We know who you're holding behind this door." Mari stepped back up to stand next to Ruby. "Just let her go-this isn't right."
	"Why should I be afraid of a bunch of kids like you?" Mr. Stevenson said unpleasantly. "What are you all anyway? Some sort of gang? A gang threatening me with violence?"
	Tomas stepped up to stand on Mari's other side. "No one's threatening you with violence."
	Mr. Stevenson sneered. "Oh, but the police are already on their way."
	"You're despicable," Tomas said. Even though his voice was quiet, it was anything but weak.
	"And you're a bunch of kids." Mr. Stevenson brushed him off.
	Ruby folded her arms over her chest. "You know what? We'll stay right here until the police arrive. When we open this door and they find what you've been hiding inside, you realize you'll have a lot of explaining to do."
	"Open the door?" Mr. Stevenson chuckled. "But what if I told you there was nothing behind it? I'm not hiding anything."
	Tye stepped forward. "You're bluffing."
	Mr. Stevenson pushed past Ruby and walked down the stairs to stand in front of Tye. "Go ahead and open it. I've got nothing to hide."
	Mari exchanged a glance with Ruby. During the time she had been following Mr. Stevenson, had the man with the dirty shoes moved the mermaid somewhere else? Mari looked over at Tomas, and she could tell that his expression mirrored hers. They had messed up. And now the police were coming.
	"Go ahead and open it," Mr. Stevenson said again when Tye didn't move. "Open it!" In one swift movement, Mr. Stevenson snatched the key out of Tye's hands and jammed it into the lock. There was a click, and then the door swung open.
	Mari gingerly stood on her tiptoes to peer over Grace's shoulder at the room beyond. It was a tiny room, small enough that Mr. Stevenson's flashlight could illuminate the entire thing. And it was completely empty.
	Grace whiled around to face Mr. Stevenson. "You moved her!"
	"I'm not an idiot." Mr. Stevenson tossed the key to the ground, and the sound of the metal hitting the wood echoed loudly. "I just discovered something new. I'm not going to let anyone take that fame away from me. Just wait until the press gets here Thursday morning-then everyone will know what I've found."
	Suddenly, the sound of sirens could be heard in the distance, and Mari looked up with a sinking heart as the red and blue lights of the police cars came into view.
	"Don't do this." Ruby held Mr. Stevenson's gaze. "Do you know that you'll ruin their lives by showing them to the world?"
	"Ruin their lives?" Mr. Stevenson scoffed. "I'm about to become one of the most famous men in the world with this discovery. Don't pretend you wouldn't do the same."
	Tye frowned. "We wouldn't."
	"And that's why I'm going to be famous, and you kids are going to jail."
	Ruby opened her mouth and then closed it again as Mr. Stevenson walked away, laughing. The police cars had pulled into the parking lot, and the police themselves had their flashlights out as they hurried down the slope.
	The police arrived at the boat a moment later. One of them grabbed Ruby and Mari by the arms and dragged them up the steps. Mr. Stevenson stood off to the side. "These kids trespassed onto my boat. When I told them off, they even threatened me!"
	Ruby glared at him. "No one threatened you."
	"Silence." Mr. Stevenson just waved her off. "I don't want to hear the words of a little liar like you. Just wait until your dad finds out what you've done. Will he be disappointed in you?"
	"I'm disappointed in you." Ruby stared at him in contempt. "You had to resort to this all to get a minute of fame."
	Mr. Stevenson just sneered. "Take them away."
    

    Chapter 15.5

SYSTEM: ~graceful~ has sent a video.

~graceful~: We need help!

Zhang T: It's almost three in the morning. What are all of you still doing up?

Zhang T: Alright fine I'll look at the video.

Zhang T: Uhhh Grace? The video's not loading.

Zhang T: Maybe your wifi isn't working?

Zhang T: Hello?

Zhang T: Anyone?

Zhang T: Guys?

Zhang T: Did something happen?

Zhang T: Uhhh this isn't good. I'm going to call my dad.

Zhang T: I don't want to do this, but at this point, I think he's the only one who can save you all.

Zhang T: I'm going to do it

Zhang T: I'm really going to do it

Zhang T: You all have to thank me later.

    Chapter 16

	Tomas sat quietly in the police car, squeezed between Grace and Tye. Mr. Stevenson had moved the mermaid. Of course he had moved the mermaid. In the time that Mari had gone to follow him, no one had been there to watch the dock. But that brought up another question. Where could the mermaid even be move to?
	"You kids should know better than to trespass onto others' private property." One of the policemen in the front of the car turned around to look at them. "That man was very adamant about you all threatening to hurt him, but none of you looked quite like what he described."
	"Do you know who that man was, sir?" Tomas asked quietly. "That was Mr. Stevenson. The girl with the red hair-Mr. Stevenson is her dad's co-worker."
	"And do you think that gives you a valid reason to mess with him?"
	"No, sir," Tomas said quickly.
	"A few days ago"-Grace took over from Tomas-"the girl with the red hair, Ruby, like she was being followed. Stalked. She found out that the man who was following her was guarding something at the dock. We watched him for a day, and he seemed to be up to something suspicious."
	"There was a locked door," Tye added. "We thought he was planning to do something bad to Ruby, so we took it upon ourselves to investigate. Little did we know, it was a trap for us all along."
	"And why would Mr. Stevenson want to set a trap for five kids?"
	"I think we know something he doesn't want us to," Tomas said seriously. "He's planning to do something that could cause a lot of trouble."
	"Oh?" The policeman raised a brow. "And what would that be?"
	"We're not completely sure." Tomas glanced at Grace and Tye. The police would never believe them if he told them that Mr. Stevenson was holding a mermaid captive.
	The policeman sighed. "You can't just accuse people like that without any evidence."
	Tomas fell silent. They were being taken to the police station, but how long were they going to have to stay there? And for trespassing . . . there had to be some sort of fine to pay. Tomas winced as he pressed a hand to his head. His lack of rest was starting to catch up to him.
	"Are you alright?" Tye asked quietly.
	"I'm fine. I've got a headache, that's all."
	The policeman in the passenger seat turned around to face them. "We'll be at the police station soon. When we get there, the five of you are welcome to sleep while you wait for your parents or guardians to arrive."
	Tomas exchanged another glance with the twins. Since their own parents weren't here, would Ruby's parents be the ones responsible for them? Tomas felt the sinking feeling in his stomach grow. It was very likely his own parents would be called as well.
	Grace placed a hand on Tomas's shoulder. "Once we explain the situation to our parents, they'll understand."
	It had to be at least one in the morning by the time they arrived at the police station. The small town was full of sleepy buildings, and the police station itself was the only one fully lit up.
	Inside the station, Ruby and Mari were already in the waiting room. Mari jumped up from her seat when they entered the room and hurried over to them. "Are you guys alright?" she asked in a worried whisper.
	Tye sighed. "We're fine. Just a little shaken. Trespassing is one thing, but Mr. Stevenson also claimed that we threatened him-which makes it even worse."
	"I'm so sorry." Ruby's eyes were tired as she walked over to join them. "I should have never gotten you guys involved."
	Grace turned to Ruby. "This isn't your fault. We were the ones who made the decision to come here. To stand back and let him ruin the lives of all of those who live under the sea-I know I would regret it forever if I didn't do anything."
	"But look where it got us." Ruby shook her head in defeat. "If we really do get a criminal record because of this-"
	"Sometimes we've got to try to do the right thing, even if it isn't easy," Tye cut her off. "The merpeople-they're alive. Just like us. They have their own hopes and dreams and families. And if their wellbeing falls into the hands of people like Mr. Stevenson, I wouldn't be able to stand to see that happen."
	"I have something to tell you guys," Grace said suddenly. "I recorded Mr. Stevenson talking to us on the boat."
	"You recorded it?" Ruby blinked as her head snapped around to look at Grace.
	Grace smiled knowingly. "I thought it might come in handy. I managed to send it to Tilden before we got put in the police cars. I asked him for help."
	"Tilden?" It was Tomas's turn to blink. "He's all the way in San Francisco. How is he supposed to help us here?"
	"He'll probably have to go to my dad for help." Ruby clasped her hands behind her back and walked back over to the benches to take a seat. "My dad knows most of what's going on. Tilden will be able to inform him of the rest. My only worry about that is that the two of them haven't spoken in quite some time now. I'm not sure if my dad would be willing to listen to what Tilden has to say. Either way, my dad will be here eventually to pick us up."
	Mari sighed as she took a seat next to Ruby. "Come to think of it, we were too hasty. The man with the dirty shoes leaving the dock should have been a sign that the mermaid wasn't there anymore. If anyone's to blame, it should be me. I followed Mr. Stevenson for hours instead of watching the dock. The mermaid could have been moved minutes after I walked away."
	"All we can do now is figure out what to do once we get out of here," Tye said. "If we can get out of here."
	"We're not locked inside, are we?" Mari asked uncertainly as she looked around the waiting room. It was entirely empty save for the five of them. "Also, do you think the police are listening in on our conversation?"
	When none of them answered right away, Tomas sighed. "I think I'm going to take a nap," he said to no one in particular. His headache was worsening from the brightness of the lights. "Wake me up if we need to fill out paperwork or something when your dad gets here."
	Ruby nodded as Tomas walked over to one of the empty benches. And so as his friends chatted quietly in the empty room, Tomas drifted into an uneasy sleep.

~

	Tomas awoke to the sound of a door opening and closing. He blinked. His head felt heavy. Wincing, he blinked again, and his eyes adjusted to the light. He was still in the police station. He had hoped the man now standing in the doorway would be Ruby's father, but instead, the man in the doorway wore a police uniform.
	Tomas caught Mari's eye. What's going on? He mouthed, but Mari just shook her head, equally bewildered. Tomas quickly checked his phone to find that it was four in the morning. He stared at his phone for a long moment, but then put it away when he remembered that they didn't have any cell service in the waiting room.
	The policeman standing in the room wasn't one of the ones who had taken Tomas and the others to the station. He was an older man; his graying hair was tied back from his face, and his deep-brown eyes scanned over the five teenagers in the room.
	"Hi," Ruby said uncertainly as she rose to her feet.
	"Hello," the policeman said. His tone was mild. "I couldn't help but overhear your conversation."
	"About Mr. Stevenson?" Grace asked quickly. "You know about what he's done at the company?"
	The policeman nodded his head. "Yes, that and the part about the mermaid."
	"The mermaid?" Ruby exchanged a glance with Tye.
	"You believe what we said?" Tye asked in surprise.
	The policeman chuckled. "There happen to be a few of us who know about their existence. And I happen to be one of those who has had the honor to speak to the past few chiefs."
      "Mr. Stevenson kidnapped one of the mermaids," Mari explained. "He plans to get the press out and show her to the world."
Tomas stepped over to join his friends. "We can't let that happen."
The policeman inclined his head. "Of course we can't let that happen. That's why I'm 
willing to work with the five of you to try and resolve the situation. I heard that one of you has a video of what Mr. Stevenson was saying to you lot on the boat. How about you show it to me and we can see if it can give us any clues to where the mermaid might be now."
	"Of course!" Grace hurried over to the policeman and pulled up the video on her phone. "I was hiding my phone behind my back at the time-the camera itself was just recording the floor, but the audio is there."
      Tomas exchanged a glance with Ruby. Could they trust the policeman?
	As Grace played the video, Tomas beckoned Ruby over. "Has your dad arrived yet?" Tomas asked in an undertone.
	"He got here a while ago," Ruby said in equal quiet. "He's still in a heated discussion with the other police outside."
	"You can call me Mr. Kekoa, by the way," the policeman said when the video ended. "Say, how much time would you say we have until the press arrives?"
	"He said Thursday morning," Tye recalled. "It's Wednesday now. That means today is our last full day to try and take action."
	"Would you mind sending me that recording?" Mr. Kekoa asked. "The safety and secrecy of the mermaid is the most important thing right now. I can tell all of you had good intentions when you snuck onto that boat. I'll see what I can do to make sure this doesn't go on your records."
	"I also have the address of the house Mr. Stevenson is staying at," Mari added breathlessly.
	Mr. Kekoa blinked. "That's perfect. Do send that to me too. I can send someone out to watch his house. It won't be difficult to follow him from there to wherever he's keeping the mermaid."
	"Thank you," Ruby said gratefully after Mr. Kekoa collected the information.
	Mr. Kekoa smiled faintly. "I should be the one thanking you. It's my job to keep the merpeople around the island safe, and if you hadn't shown up here, I wouldn't have realized that something was wrong until it was too late. This is my number." Mr. Kekoa pulled out a small notepad and a pen, and he scribbled over the page before tearing it out and passing it to Ruby. "Once the sun rises I'll be out trying to track down where Mr. Stevenson brought the mermaid. If you have any leads before me, call me. If you kids need anything at all, just give me a call."
	"Thank you," Tomas said, still surprised by the turn of events. Suddenly, things didn't seem so hopeless anymore.
	"Off you go." Mr. Kekoa smiled as he held the door to the waiting room open. "I happen to be one of the chiefs of police here. You'll be fine."
	"Thank you!" Mari, Grace, and Tye said in unison as they passed by Mr. Kekoa on the way out.
	Mr. Kekoa lifted a hand in farewell. "I'm sure we'll see each other again very soon. Get some sleep. Rest and a clear head is key to solving any problem."
	After thanking the policeman one last time, Tomas followed Ruby out of the waiting room and into the main lobby where Ruby's dad was waiting for them.
	"Ruby!" Mr. Zhang hurried over the moment he saw them. "Are you alright?"
	"I'm fine, Ba." Ruby offered him a smile. "We're fine."
	"Your mom and I were worried sick when we returned home to find that all of you had vanished. The other boy seemed even more worried, and I think your mom is still trying to calm him down as we speak."
	Ruby lowered her voice. "Mr. Stevenson moved the mermaid. He was waiting for us and called the police, and then we were taken here."
	Mr. Zhang still looked worried. "I came here immediately when I got Tilden's phone call. He was really worried that something bad happened to you lot."
	"We're lucky that we met Mr. Kekoa," Tomas said quietly, with a nod in the direction of where the policeman was still lingering in the back of the lobby. "He was willing to help us out."
	Mr. Zhang nodded his head. "I was talking to him earlier. He came over and asked if I was the guardian of the kids that had been brought into the station. I told him I was, and then I tried my best to explain the situation with Mr. Stevenson to him. Then he wanted to go in and speak with all of you."
	"He must have been listening in on our conversation when we were talking about the mermaid," Mari said.
	Tye sighed. "We got lucky today. Let's just hope we have this same kind of luck on Thursday morning."
	There was silence in the car as they drove back to the house.
	"Ba, you actually spoke with my brother?" Ruby finally broke the silence.
	Mr. Zhang let out a sigh. "It was the first time he called me in a very long time. After you lot had vanished, something told me that he knew what was going on."
	"And how was that?" Ruby asked cautiously.
	"How was what?"
	"Talking to Tilden."
	"It made me realize just how much I miss him," Mr. Zhang said tiredly. "He's still my son after all. I still regret how that argument went down. He told me how he's in San Francisco now. When we get back from Hawaii, we'll meet him."
	When they arrived at the house, Mrs. Zhang greeted them at the door, and dark circles already were visible under her eyes. The boy with the sea-glass-colored hair was sitting on the living room couch, and he jumped up the moment they walked in.
	Ruby hurried over to him and tried to do her best to explain what had happened with a series of wide gestures.
	Tomas took a seat on the couch and pressed his hands to his head. It wasn't as if he wasn't used to staying up late, but for some reason, he felt more exhausted than he had felt in a very long time. Maybe it was the jet lag. He'd rest for a short time. And before he knew it, Tomas had fallen into a deep sleep.

~

      This time when Tomas woke, it was to the sound of a phone ringing, and a moment later, someone was shaking his shoulders. "Tomas!" It was Mari.
      "What time is it?" Tomas blinked in the sudden brightness, and he squinted through the sunlight that poured in through the windows.
      "Remember Mr. Kekoa?" Mari explained quickly. "He found out where Mr. Stevenson is keeping the mermaid!"
      "Really? That quickly? Where?"
"It took him most of the morning." Grace walked over to take a seat on the couch next to 
Tomas. "But it turns out she's on a boat not all that far away from the dock."
      Tye walked over to take a seat on the other side of Tomas. "Mr. Kekoa is on the phone with Ruby right now. He's coming to the house."
      "He's coming here? Can't he free the mermaid now that he knows where she's being kept?"
      "I was thinking the same thing at first," Grace said thoughtfully. "But even if he is the chief of police, he won't be able to free the mermaid if he goes onto the boat by himself. He might not even be able to get onto the boat by himself."
      "If he goes to the other officers," Tye finished for his sister, "then the mermaid will have been discovered by them."
      "What can we do to help him?" Mari asked in a low whisper. "The last time we tried to do something, it didn't exactly go very well."
      "Mr. Kekoa will be here in about ten minutes," Ruby said as she walked over to her friends. "He sent me the location of the boat along with a few pictures of it. It's a pretty fancy boat too. A yacht even. If we're caught trespassing on that one, we'll be a lot more trouble than we were for the little fishing boat."
      "At least Mr. Stevenson shouldn't suspect us this time," Tye pointed out. "We're probably supposed to still be at the police station. Even if he figures that we did get out, he probably doesn't think we're stupid enough to try and take him on our own again."
      "Which is why we might actually have a chance now with Mr. Kekoa's help," Grace added.
      Fortunately, they didn't have to sit around for long before the doorbell rang. Ruby hurried over to the door and pulled it open to reveal Mr. Kekoa. He was still in his police uniform from the previous day, and his expression was mild despite the urgent situation.
      "After I found the boat," Mr. Kekoa said by way of greeting, "I went to speak with a few of the others like myself who have been tasked with protecting the merpeople. They wanted to help out, but right now, they have no way to speak to the high chief. The high chief has always come to us-not the other way around. We don't know where to find him." Suddenly Mr. Kekoa's eyes fell on the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair.
      Sensing Mr. Kekoa's gaze on him, the boy looked up and blinked.
      "He's one of the merpeople!" An expression of surprise flickered across Mr. Kekoa's face. "This is perfect! Why didn't you tell me about him earlier? Let me go talk to him." Then walking over to the boy, Mr. Kekoa began speaking in a language Tomas had only heard once before-that time being from the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair himself. Tomas just looked on, stunned as the boy responded to Mr. Kekoa in the same tongue.
      "How-?" Ruby asked weakly when Mr. Kekoa finally returned to them.
      "I've told you before that I'm one of the protectors of the merpeople," Mr. Kekoa said knowingly. "It's a role that's been passed down through my family for generations. I'm not nearly as fluent in their language as I would like to be, but it's enough to communicate basic ideas. It turns out that the boy happens to be the son of the high chief."
      "What?" everyone said in unison.
      "He also told me that his name is Aouli, and that he is very grateful for everything that the five of you have done for him and his sister," Mr. Kekoa continued with a smile.
      "Aouli," Mari echoed, watching as the boy with the sea-glass-colored hair stood and walked over to stand next to Mr. Kekoa. Aouli turned to Mr. Kekoa and spoke to him again.
      "He wants to know what your names are," Mr. Kekoa's eyes twinkled as he translated.
      "Ruby." Ruby pointed to herself.
      Aouli grinned. He looked to Mari next.
      "Mari." Mari beamed, pointing at herself.
      "Grace." Grace was next.
      "Tomas."
      "Tye."
      "Aouli was telling me how he turned into a human to try and help his sister," Mr. Kekoa explained. "He also tells me he's not sure if the decision he made was the correct one or even the right one."
      "You shouldn't be too hard on yourself." Tye looked over at Aouli, and Mr. Kekoa acted as his translator. "When things happen suddenly like that, we decide to do whatever feels right at the moment. Most of the time, our first instinct is the right one."
      "Yeah." Grace nodded in agreement. "Don't second guess yourself when you've come this far already."
      Aouli's face relaxed into a smile after Mr. Kekoa relayed their words to him.
      "I get the feeling you kids have been sitting in here for the majority of the morning." Mr. Kekoa said. "Come on, let's go get some fresh air-the beach is practically your backyard. Once we've cleared our heads, we can make a plan on what we want to do in regards to our Mr. Stevenson situation."
      Mari tapped her chin thoughtfully as they all made their way outside. "We'll need a really big distraction if we want to get Mr. Stevenson's attention away from the mermaid."
      Tomas nodded. "Something that would stall the press for as long as possible." Then he paused as the pieces came together in his mind. "I just had an idea."
      "Tell us!" Mari said eagerly.
      Tomas turned to Mari. "I'll need your help. I'll need all of your help." Then looking around to make sure there wasn't anyone else who could listen in to their conversation, Tomas lowered his voice. "So here's my idea . . ."

    Chapter 16.5

COME JOIN US TO PROTEST ENVIRONMENTAL HARM IN MAUI!
We, the youth, are fed up with the way the older generation regards our concerns about our futures as some kind of joke. Is this the kind of world we want to inherit? Absolutely not!
One of these "older generation" representatives is here on the island now. He has unapologetically contributed to the contamination of the water right off the beaches of the island. If we don't take the first steps and stand up to him, how many others will follow? He is bringing the press out to talk about himself on his boat tomorrow. Let's show up and show him, the press, and the world that we won't stand down to those who don't give a damn about the type of scars they leave on the earth.
We are calling upon you to stand with us.

Contact @MariMariMari!! for further details.

    Chapter 17

	"Tomas's idea really is brilliant in theory," Ruby remarked as they gathered around the dining room table for lunch. "But do you really think we'll get enough people out there to cause a scene?"
	Mari let out a sigh. "I've been trying to spread the message as much as I can through social media. I have some connections that can further help with the broadcasting. But even if people see it, it really comes down to whether or not they'll show up."
	"Should we make posters?" Tye asked. "Put them up around the town?"
	Ruby shook her head. "We better not in case Mr. Stevenson sees them. We've really only got one shot at this."
	"Mr. Kekoa went out to spread the word," Grace piped up. "He probably has more connections than us on the island."
	Earlier that day when Mr. Kekoa had still been accompanying them along the beach, he had helped to translate Aouli's words. During that time, Ruby learned a lot about the merman. She learned how his sister was supposed to become the next high chief, and if they failed to get her back, Aouli would have to take up the position in her place-which Aouli was very adamant about getting his sister back before that could happen.
	It had been fascinating to finally have a conversation of a sort with the merman after all the hours they had spent together trying to communicate through gestures.
	Ruby smiled to herself. It was true that this summer had gone nothing like she expected. Some parts of it were new and exciting, while others were frightening and stressful. But Ruby knew that she would not regret meeting Aouli. She just hoped that she would be able to succeed in freeing his sister-that they would be able to continue keeping the merpeoples' secret.
	"Say we do get enough people out," Tye said, "then we've distracted the press for a short amount of time. Half an hour at the most. We still need to figure out how to get onto Mr. Stevenson's boat and get the mermaid off without being seen."
	"On a different note . . . " Ruby lowered her voice as she glanced over at where Aouli had fallen asleep on the couch. The boy with the sea-glass-colored hair was exhausted from the walking he had done earlier. "Tomorrow is going to be his last day as a human. I had found him on the beach at night, so I'm assuming he has until tomorrow evening."
	"Should we get him onto the boat with us?" Grace asked in equal quiet. "It might be dangerous."
	Ruby frowned faintly. "He's the only one besides Mr. Kekoa who can communicate with his sister. I think he should be there."
	"What about the others who know about the merpeople?" Mari said suddenly. "Do you think those are the people he's going to inform about the protest? We just need enough people to distract them long enough for us to get onto the boat and get the mermaid off it."
	"And how many would that be? Twenty? Fifty?"
	"We'll see how many we can get." Mari rubbed her eyes. "Do you think the mermaid is going to be locked behind some kind of door again? We don't know where she's going to be on the boat."
      "It's true that there are too many unknown factors." Tye removed his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose. "But we've only got this one chance. If we fail, the world will know about the existence of the merpeople, and from that day on, they'll never get a day of peace. How about this," Tye suggested, "the five of us split up into groups and go out to try and convince as many people as we can to show up to the protest tomorrow. Let's give it an hour or two, and then we'll all meet back at the house to continue brainstorming."
	"Who's going to be the one going alone?" Grace asked uncertainly. "The last time Ruby was out alone, she was almost kidnapped by the man with the dirty shoes."
	"I could be the one going alone," Tye offered. "Besides, I won't be completely alone. I'll take Singsing with me." He gestured to the puppy for emphasis. Singsing was watching them almost resentfully from the corner of the room. The puppy wasn't used to being this ignored.
	Grace leveled her brother a look. "I'll go with Singsing. Ruby was the original target, remember? I know I'll feel better if the two of you go together."
	"We'll do it that way, then."
	Mari turned to look at the former merman. "What about Aouli?"
	Ruby closed her eyes for a brief moment. "I think he'll be fine here by himself. I'll go leave him a quick note just in case. I hope this communicates that we've gone out for a short time." When Ruby finished her drawing, she set it down on the coffee table in front of Aouli. "Stick figures are the ultimate universal language, no?"

~

	"So far we've got two people who are going to attend for sure." Ruby counted off on her fingers. "And five people who will think about it."
	"And then quite a lot more who declined entirely," Tye said with a sigh.
	"Well, expecting everyone we ask to show up would be a little unrealistic. Look"-Ruby pointed to a group of preteens standing in front of an ice cream truck. "What do you say we ask them next?"
	Tye followed Ruby's gaze to the kids. "You can do the talking this time. Everything I say tends to goes over the heads of anyone younger than me."
	Ruby walked over to the preteens. "Hello, would you care to join us in a peaceful protest against environmental harm?"
	"When it is?" one of the preteens asked at the same time a second said a very blatant "no." The two preteens blinked as they looked at each other and then back at Ruby.
	"When is it?" the first preteen asked again.
	"Tomorrow morning," Ruby explained. "A businessman who just got busted for contaminating the water around the island is going to be interviewed by the press for his achievements. We can't let them overlook the harm he's done. If you'd like, you can scan the QR code on my phone for more information."
	The preteen nodded before scanning Ruby's phone and scrolling through the information.
	"Should we make signs?" the preteen asked.
	"Signs?"
	"Yeah, it's a protest, right?"
	"If you want to make signs, by all means, go ahead."
	The second preteen tugged on the first's sleeve. "Are you really going to go?"
	"We weren't going to do anything tomorrow anyway," the first one remarked. "Haven't you ever wanted to be part of something bigger? Something important?"
	"No," the second said flatly.
	Ruby smiled at the first preteen. "I'm really happy that you'll be there."
	The preteen grinned back, and Ruby gave the two of them a wave before heading off back to where Tye was standing a short distance away.
	"One last thing!" the first preteen called out. Ruby paused and looked over her shoulder expectantly. "Your hair is super cool!"
	At that, Ruby burst out laughing. "Thanks!"
	"Is he your boyfriend?" the second called and pointed at Tye before the first smacked the second's hand away.
	Tye sighed as the two of them waved to the preteens before continuing on their way. "You do better with the younger kids than me. I always find them a handful to deal with."
	"At least now we've got another person that might show up," Ruby said lightly. "We've still got another twenty minutes or so before we're supposed to be back at the house. "Let's see if we can get at least three more."
	"Three might be asking for a lot." Tye looked around the shopping center they had just arrived at. "There are fewer people here than I thought there would be."
	"We just missed the lunch crowd," Ruby observed. "It's fine though. Look-there are some people in the parking lot."
	Tye picked up his pace. "Quick, let's get them before they run away."
	Laughing, Ruby hurried after him.

~

	"I got twenty people," Grace said proudly. Singsing was sitting on her lap as the five of them sat on the living room floor.
	"Twenty?" Mari stared at her, clearly impressed. "How did you get twenty?"
	Grace giggled. "They were attracted to Singsing. Almost everyone I passed asked me if they could pet her, and while they were captivated by Singsing's charm, I asked them if they'd want to show up to the protest. Quite a lot of them said yes."
	Ruby stared at the puppy. "Maybe we should go out again with Singsing later. Lucky dog indeed."
	Mari held up her fingers to count all the people they had gotten combined. "We've got a little over forty people who will show up," she announced.
	Tye blinked. "That's actually pretty good. Forty people would be a sizable crowd."
	Mari beamed. "And that's not including those Mr. Kekoa is getting. I think we can call this half of our plan a success."
	"Now we just need to go back to thinking of ways to get onto the boat," Ruby said tiredly. The crease between her brows returned. "Even if we can get onto the boat, how would we know where the mermaid is? How do we know security won't just throw us off?"
	"You know what," Mari said suddenly, and everyone turned to look at her. "Uh"-Mari hesitated at all the sudden attention-"he's waiting for the press to go onto the boat. What if we just pretend to be part of the press?"
	Ruby blinked at her friend. "Would that work?"
	"I don't see why not," Tye said slowly. "If we can somehow disguise ourselves enough, it might be our best option."

~

	As she stood by the dock, Ruby was starting to feel her nerves. Surprisingly enough, she had actually been able to get a full night's sleep the previous night. Now the tiredness of the previous few days had washed away to leave Ruby with a very anxious sort of feeling.
	She had already split up from her friends; Mari had met the protesters in front of the boat with a sign of her own. There actually was quite the crowd, and Ruby had to hand it to Mr. Kekoa for going above and beyond with his part.
	Right now, Ruby was waiting in line with a group of people from the press. Aouli stood next to her, looking just as nervous as Ruby felt. The two of them had arrived at the docks very early in the morning, accompanied by Ruby's dad. A couple of people from the press were already there setting up. And after a lot of talking, Ruby's dad had managed to convince them to let Ruby and Aouli tag along.
	The protesters had started to show up at the dock about an hour later, and all of them were waiting for Mr. Stevenson to make an appearance. Mr. Kekoa himself was in the crowd of protesters, and had swapped his police uniform for casual clothing.
	Ruby's dad would be watch from his car in the parking lot. He was stationed there just in case something went wrong and he needed to drive off to find help. Grace, Tye, and Tomas had joined a different group of reporters, and the three of them were waiting somewhere out of Ruby's line of sight.
	As she looked over at the faces of the people that had gathered, Ruby recognized a number of the people she and Tye had spoken to.
	Now staring out over the turquoise water, Ruby followed the waves to the horizon and her ink-black hair whipped around her face. The previous night, to complete their disguises, Ruby had taken a quick drive with Mari to buy the cheapest temporary hair dye they could find. Grace had helped Ruby dye her hair and then had done Aouli's as well. At first, the former merman had been a little apprehensive of the process, but when Ruby had shown him that the color washed out once it came into contact with water, he had let Grace go ahead.
      Mr. Stevenson would be here any minute now . . . There! Ruby's head snapped up as she caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of her eye. A car was driving up to the dock, and after it parked a short distance away, the back door swung open to reveal a very confused-looking Mr. Stevenson.
	"That's him!" Mari's voice called from the crowd.
	And then the protesters brandished their signs at Mr. Stevenson and calls of, "What do you mean by polluting the waters of our island?" filled the air.
	"Who are all these people?" Mr. Stevenson demanded. His question was directed at the man climbing out of the car from the driver's seat, and Ruby recognized him almost immediately as the man with the dirty shoes.
	Regardless, the crowd parted for Mr. Stevenson as he matched toward the boat. They weren't here to cause trouble-Mari had made sure to make that part very clear.
	"Oh good." Mr. Stevenson looked in the direction of the camera crew Ruby and Aouli were blending in with. "The press is here. Quickly now, this way." Mr. Stevenson motioned for them to climb onto the boat after him.
	Ruby shuffled over with the rest of the camera crew, and Aouli followed close behind. Once they had boarded the boat, Ruby glanced around the deck. There was still no sign of the mermaid.
	"Let's set up the cameras here, shall we?" Mr. Stevenson was saying. "Wait-hey! No!"
	Ruby turned to watch Mr. Stevenson wave his hands angrily at the people from the press. Instead of setting up on the deck like he wanted him to, they had gone straight to the edge of the boat and set the cameras up to capture the protesters looking up at the boat from the dock.
	"You'll get your turn," the head camerawoman said cooly.
	"What?" Mr. Stevenson sputtered, stunned into silence. He just opened and close his mouth for a moment before he seemed to finally regain his voice. "How unprofessional! Who sent you people?"
	As Mr. Stevenson continued to try and fail to get the camera crew's attention back to him, Ruby and Aouli silently slipped off to the side. Ruby hurried around the outer deck, looking for any sort of door or room where Aouli's sister could be hidden inside. Finally, Ruby arrived at the very back of the boat. A single door stood in front of her.
	After taking a deep breath, Ruby reached out and tried the handle. The door didn't budge.
	"Are you looking for this?" a voice said. Ruby whirled around to find the man with the dirty shoes was standing in front of her with a key in his hands.
	"Is that the key to the door?" Ruby asked as innocently as she could. "Would you mind opening it for us?"
	"Are you Ruby?" the man asked as he eyed Ruby up and down.
	"Yes."
	The man held the key out to Ruby. "The key's all yours."
	"Seriously?" Ruby just stared at the man.
	"Take it."
	Cautiously, Ruby reached out and took the key from the man. "Why are you helping me?" Ruby asked as she carefully inserted the key into the lock. There was a soft click, and then the door swung open to reveal a flight of steps leading downward.
	"Your dad found me," the man with the dirty shoes admitted. "The police were there too. The police told me that Mr. Stevenson was about to get in a lot of trouble, and if I didn't want to go down with him, I had to do what they said. Besides, your dad offered me more money than Mr. Stevenson did."
	Ruby arched a brow. "You don't want to keep the mermaid?"
	"I do," the man said simply. "But I'd rather not spend the rest of my years in jail for a brief moment of fame."
	Ruby stepped aside. "If you're really helping me, bring the mermaid out."
	"Fine." The man with the dirty shoes sighed. Ruby watched as he stepped through the doorway and descended down the steps. Ruby let out a breath. If she had gone down those stairs by herself, she was half certain that the man with the dirty shoes would lock her inside.
	The man with the dirty shoes returned a moment later, dragging a pile of nets with him. Ruby hurried to help him, and together they carried the tangled mermaid up onto the deck. Aouli let out a strangled noise when his eyes fell on the heap of nets that encased his sister, and he dropped down next to her.
	The mermaid appeared to be unconscious, and red marks were all over her body from where the netting had dug into her flesh a little too tightly. Her skin was dry and flaky, and her hair was in tangles.
	Ruby turned to the man with the dirty shoes. "We need to get her into the water, quick!"
	He nodded, and together the man and Ruby tried to lift the mermaid up and over the railings of the deck. The only problem was that the mermaid probably weighed as much as Ruby, if not more, and with all the netting, it was difficult to get a firm grip on her. Even with Aouli trying his best to assist them, the three of them were struggling to lift the mermaid off the ground.
	Suddenly, there was the sound of hurried footsteps. Ruby froze, and her eyes widened in surprise as Grace, Tye, and Tomas rounded the corner.
	"Help us!" Ruby desperately mouthed to them.
	The three of them didn't need to be asked twice before they hurried over to help lift the mermaid.
	"We came here to warn you," Tye said through gritted teeth as the six of them began to lift the mermaid off the ground, "Mr. Stevenson's coming this way with the cameras!"
	"Hurry!"
	Lifting with all their might, the mermaid was heaved into the air, and with one final shove, the six of them pushed her over the railing. There was a splash as the mermaid hit the water, and her scaled tail glittered briefly in the light before she vanished beneath the crystal surface.
	"We did it!" Grace said in an excited whisper. "Now let's leave!"
	Nodding, Ruby hurried after Grace as her friend took off at a run back around the deck. But then a moment later, Grace froze. Ruby staggered to a stop as well.
	Mr. Stevenson stood in front of them, and his eyes practically burned with anger. The camera crew stood behind him, all sporting surprised expressions.
	"You!" Mr. Stevenson pointed widely at Ruby. "I should have known you'd be here!"
	Ruby folded her arms across her chest. "My work here is done. I've already transported your little surprise far away."
	"How dare you!" Mr. Stevenson's face with white with rage. "But the door-the key!"
	"You mean this key?" Ruby held out the key to the door. "That's right, I have it."
	"You've ruined everything!" Mr. Stevenson shrieked. And then he was shoving Grace out of the way as he charged toward Ruby.
	Ruby stagged backward in shock, and her hands went up instinctively to block her face as Mr. Stevenson's fists came flying toward her. But the blows never hit.
	Ruby blinked in surprise to find Aouli standing in front of her with Mr. Stevenson's fists stopped with his own. And then Mr. Stevenson was moving again. Even though Aouli actually appeared to be stronger than him in terms of physical strength, the former merman still wasn't completely accustomed to walking. His legs buckled, and he hit the railings of the boat as he tried his best to steady himself.
	Mr. Stevenson seemed to notice this and took the opportunity to lunge forward. One moment, Aouli was leaning against the railings, and the next, he was toppling backward, falling off the boat, down, down, until he hit the water with a splash.
	Ruby's feet were moving on their own as she flung herself against the railing. She leaned over to look down at the water. Aouli had to be alright. He was a merman after all. But he wasn't a merman anymore-at this moment, he was still a human. And as a human, he had never learned how to swim.

    Chapter 18

	The moment Aouli's head hit the water, the world went dark. Water flooded his lungs. He was choking, and his head spun. The ocean was his home. It had always been his home-his friend. But now, as the water pressed down on him, all he could feel was panic.
	Aouli thrashed out with his arms and kicked with his legs. But without his tail, he couldn't swim. And now here he was, being suffocated by the ocean.
	Aouli opened his eyes and watched the black ink from his hair drift in the water around him as he sunk down, down, down. In the distance, the sunlight glittered. The rays breaking through the water's surface were out of reach. They had been so close to the shore too . . . Why was the water so deep? Why was it so cold?
	Aouli's head felt light. His sister was safe now. The girl with the deep-red hair-Ruby-had helped free her. Aouli would forever be grateful for that. When the angry man had run at her, Aouli had found himself moving on his own. He had been too rash again. What did he think he could have done when he couldn't even walk properly? He was indebted to Ruby, though. She had done so much for him.
	Then Aouli blinked. His eyes were stinging from the water. That was right-his sister had to be around here somewhere. But as he turned his head, he couldn't see anything through the water. This vision was starting to blur . . .
	Suddenly, there was a splash, and then something was shooting through the water toward him. Aouli blinked again, squinting through the water.
      It was Ruby.
	She was swimming toward him, and the black dye in her hair was streaming off her to reveal the deep red beneath. Ruby stretched out her hand toward Aouli. Aouli didn't hesitate before he reached up. His fingertips strained against the heaviness of the water, and then his hand was in Ruby's. A moment later, he was being pulled upward, out of the water and back toward the surface.
	Aouli's head broke through the surface, and he found himself gasping for breath as icy wind stung his face. Ruby gently tugged on his arm and guided him toward the shore. Aouli let her help him onto the stretch of sand a short distance from the docks. Ruby's friends hurried up to meet them. All of them were speaking, but Aouli still couldn't understand their words. He just lay there in the sand.
	Suddenly, Aouli sat up. His sister was still caught up in all the netting. She was hurt.
	Ruby turned to look at him in concern, and Aouli pointed to the water, trying his best to gesture that his sister was still in the ocean. Ruby just looked at him in confusion before her eyes widened in understanding. She said something to her friends, and then one of them hurried off.
	Completely exhausted, Aouli flopped back down onto the sand and stared up at the cloudless sky. Exhausting. These past couple of days had been nothing but exhausting. Well, that wasn't entirely true. It had been thrilling in a way to live a different kind of life from the one he was used to. He just wished the circumstances had been different.
	Ulani had told him that he had about three days as a human-which meant that tonight he would be transforming back. Even though he felt relieved that Healani was out of the grasp of that troublesome man, she was still floating somewhere in the water near the boat. Aouli couldn't help worry that if anyone checked the waters carefully, his sister would easily be recaptured.
	He had no way to get in touch with his father or even the people from the village now. Aouli just hoped Healani would be able to make it until he could transform back and bring her to the village.
	There was the sound of footsteps, and Aouli looked up to see the man who had introduced himself as Kekoa.
	"My sister," Aouli's lunges were still heavy as he coughed out. "She's still in the water."
	"I've sent people to watch the area," Kekoa informed him with a faint smile. "With them there, you don't need to worry about her."
	Aouli let out a breath. "Thank you."
	Kekoa took a seat on the sand next to Aouli. "Ruby's asking if you're alright. All your friends here had quite the fright when you were pushing into the water."
	"I'm fine now." Aouli turned to Ruby and offered the red-haired girl a smile. Kekoa translated his words, and the girl smiled back with relieved eyes.
	"What happened to the angry man?" Aouli asked, turning back to Kekoa.
	Kekoa frowned slightly. "I'm not too sure. I didn't see him get off the boat. He's probably in a lot of trouble now. There were a lot of witnesses, after all. No matter what his excuses are, he's not getting off easy."
	"Can he get Ruby and her friends in trouble for sneaking onto the boat and freeing my sister?" Aouli asked worriedly.
	"Technically, Ruby and her friends were allowed on," Kekoa said thoughtfully. "As for freeing your sister, there were very few people who knew about her existence in the first place. We humans will find it very hard to believe him if he continues to rant that he captured one of the sea people. Even if he has images of her, they still won't believe him."
	"Good." Aouli looked out over the water. "That's good."
	"What do you plan to do now?" Kekoa asked lightly.
	Aouli gazed off at the horizon. "I still have until nightfall before I turn back. I supposed I should make the most of my last hours with my new friends."
	Kekoa smiled. "Go have some fun. I promise the angry man won't be going anywhere near your sister."
	Aouli nodded gratefully.
	"I should be going now." Kekoa rose to his feet and dusted sand from his legs. "I've got to take care of the angry man."
	"Wait." Aouli looked up at him. "Do you think I'll see you again? I still have some words I'd like you to pass on to Ruby and her friends for me."
	"I'll stop by to visit in the evening," Kekoa reassured him. "Don't worry."
	Aouli watched Kekoa's retreating figure until he disappeared from sight. A moment later, there was someone else hurrying toward them. Aouli recognized the man as Ruby's father. He was hurrying down the stretch of sand. He skidded to a stop in front of his daughter, and despite her soaked state, threw his arms around her in a tight embrace.
	Ruby's expression was one of surprise as she blinked over her father's shoulders. Ruby's father finally drew away, and his tone was worried as he spoke to her. Ruby's expression melted into a reassuring smile, and her own tone was comforting as she tried to calm her father down.
	Ruby's father just brushed sand from his daughter's hair, still shaking his head as if he couldn't believe what had happened. When he finally seemed to calm down, he motioned for everyone to follow him back to the car. Ruby herself helped Aouli to his feet and helped him sling an arm around her shoulders for support.
	The crowd of people in front of the boat were now angrily yelling up at it and waving their signs in the air. As Aouli watched, the angry man was escorted off the boat with his hands chained in front of him.
	When they arrived back at the house, Ruby's mother was waiting outside to greet them. Her face was pale and her voice was anxious. Ruby quickly explained what had happened to her, but whatever she had said seemed to make her mother even more horrified.
	After some more talking, they entered the house, and Ruby led Aouli and her friends upstairs. Ruby and her friends chatted excitedly together for a while. Aouli sat there, listening to their voices. Even though he couldn't directly communicate with any of them, they had felt like his own friends since the first day he met them.
	Eventually, one of Ruby's friends, the girl with the light hair, pulled out the little rectangular device all five of the friends seemed to have. After some more talking, Ruby smiled, and her friends all hurried behind her. Ruby gestured for Aouli to join them, and he scooted over expectantly.
	All of their faces were reflected back at them from the screen of the device, and when the girl with the light hair tapped it, the image froze. Aouli blinked as the girl showed the image to him. That was the six of them-their faces forever captured in that brief moment of time. Aouli looked down at it in awe. It was almost like magic.
	But speaking of magic, Ulani's magic was about to come to an end. Outside the window, the sun was beginning to drop closer and closer to the horizon. Aouli rose to his feet and pointed at the sky outside.
	Ruby seemed to understand what he was saying and nodded her head. The six of them headed back downstairs, and after Aouli had bid Ruby's parents farewell, they were making their way outside.
	In the distance, someone very familiar was walking toward them. Aouli pointed, and Ruby's friends followed his gaze to the figure-it was Kekoa.
	Ruby and her friends waited for Kekoa to reach them before they made their way down to the beach together.
	"I don't have long now before I transform back," Aouli told Kekoa as they all stood barefoot by the water, letting the waves wash over their feet as the sun continued to drop in the sky. The world was painted in shades of deep orange and magenta, and the clouds had taken on the same hues. Aouli closed his eyes and breathed in the ocean air. When he opened his eyes, he turned to Kekoa. "Do you think you could ask Ruby if I'll see her again?"
	Kekoa nodded and turned to relay the message to Ruby.
	"Ruby says that she will be here on the island for a little longer," Kekoa informed him of Ruby's response. "But she also says that she won't be able to stay here forever. She had to go back to her own home."
	"So she's just a visitor here." Aouli looked out over the water. All the colors of the sunset were reflected in its calm mirror.
	Kekoa smiled faintly. "Ruby does say that she will come back to visit, though. It doesn't have to be goodbye forever when she leaves."
	"I don't mind waiting." Aouli tore his gaze away from the water to look at Ruby. "I'll be looking forward to seeing an old friend again. Speaking of friends . . ." For the longest time, he had been avoiding one of his oldest and closest friends back in the village. Ruby wasn't the only one who had helped him out-Ulani had also always been there looking out for him.
	Once he got back to the village, he'd try to make it up with Ulani. He'd fix their friendship and do his best to restore the bond the two of them once had.
	Day slowly melted into night, and the stars flickered to life. The ocean itself had taken on a silvery sheen, and the clouds turned invisible in the darkness.
	Aouli looked over at Kekoa. "I guess I should be off." As much as he wanted to spend his last moments as a human with his new friends, he could tell that they too were exhausted from the day's events.
	Aouli turned to look at his friends, offering each of them a wave. He looked at Ruby last and gave her a smile.
	Ruby smiled back as she raised her own hand in a gesture of farewell.
	This wasn't goodbye, Aouli had to remind himself as he waded out into the water. He might even be able to see Ruby and her friends the following day.
	Up to his shoulders in the water, Aouli turned and watched as Ruby, her friends, and Kekoa make their way toward the house. Aouli smiled faintly to himself as he watched them. He raised his own hand in a gesture of farewell even though he knew they couldn't see it.
	When they had vanished from his sight, Aouli got to work removing his clothes. He'd bring them back to Ruby the next time he saw her-they belonged to her father, after all.
	Then looking up at the sky, Aouli waited there for what could have been either minutes or hours before he felt a tingling sensation creep up his body. It only lasted a few seconds, and when it faded, Aouli could sense instantly that his tail had returned. The sea-glass-colored scales gleamed in the moonlight, and Aouli let out a joyous laugh before he dove into the water.
      After stashing the clothes in a safe place, Aouli shot through the water toward where his sister had fallen. When he finally arrived at the dock, he didn't have to look around for long before he spotted her. But she wasn't alone.
	"Ulani?" Aouli blinked in surprise as he swam over to join his friend.
	"Aouli!" Ulani beamed up at him.
	"What are you doing here?"
	"I got a vision that you were in danger," Ulani said seriously. "I swam as quickly as I could to find you, but when I arrived, you were gone. I found Healani here instead and thought I should try to cut her free."
	"Any success?" Aouli asked quickly.
	"None." Ulani shook her head sadly. "She's been unconscious all this time too . . . I left all my medicine and things back at my cave, but I've been a little hesitant to leave her. I'm so glad that you showed up."
	"What have you been using to try and cut the net?"
	"This." Ulani held out a sharp-edged rock to Aouli.
	Aouli gingerly took the rock from her and tried his hand at sawing away at the nets binding his sister. But after much struggle, he too was unsuccessful. Aouli took hold of one of his sister's arms. "Help me take her back to the village. My father will know what to do."
	"Maybe we've been looking at this incorrectly this entire time," Ulani said after a while as the two of them swam through the dark water. "If we can't cut the net off, can't we take it off some other way? Find the edge of it and pull it off that way?"
	"It's worth giving it a shot."
	Together, Aouli and Ulani let Healani go. As she floated in the water, the two of them searched for the edge of the net. Ulani found it first, and Aouli swam around to help her untangle it. And a few minutes later, Healani was free.
	Aouli looked down at the net in his hands. "We should find some way to dispose of this later." Aouli and Ulani swam the rest of the way back to the village with Healani pulled limply along between them.
	When they neared the village, despite it being late into the night, there were quite a few villagers still out. They seemed to notice Aouli and Ulani almost instantly and quickly swam over to greet them.
	"Aouli!" One of them looked at Aouli as if she couldn't believe her eyes. "The high chief is worried sick about you!"
	Aouli sighed. "I shouldn't have left the way I did without telling him. That was my mistake. Where is my father anyway? I've brought my sister back home."
	"Healani is back!" Another one of them blinked as if they had suddenly just noticed the limp figure being carried between Aouli and Ulani. "What-what happened to her?"
	"She's unconscious," Aouli said grimly. "We should send her over to the village healers immediately."
	"I can take her there," Ulani offered. "You should go find your father and tell him the good news."
	Aouli nodded his head. He made sure his sister was safe hands before swimming off to his father's residence. When he finally arrived, he found his father pacing back and forth outside it. His hands were clasped behind his back, and he had dark circles under his eyes. "Father." Aouli hesitantly swam over to him.
	Aouli's father whirled around to face his son. "Aouli?"
	Aouli hung his head. "I'm sorry for leaving without telling you. But I managed to get my sister back with help from my new friends, and-" But before Aouli could continue, his father cut him off with a laugh. Aouli just stared at his father as he laughed and laughed and laughed. "Father?"
	"You don't know how glad I am that you're back," his father said. "You don't know how glad I am that you're safe. Your sister, too. I was so worried that you had been captured as well-so worried that I had just lost both of my dear children."
	"I didn't want to make you worry," Aouli apologized. "I was just desperate at the time and knew of a way I might be able to free Healani. But I also knew you wouldn't approve, so I had no other choice than to go do it on my own."
	His father's smile faded. "You should have at least left a note of some sort. I asked everyone if they had seen you, and you can imagine how worried I was when no one had. I went as far as asking your old friend Ulani, and even she wouldn't tell me where you were."
	"She didn't want you to worry either."
	"So the two of you were working together. Just what exactly was it did you do?"
	"I asked Ulani to turn me into a human," Aouli said truthfully. "I didn't want to do it initially, but we needed to get Healani back."
	Aouli's father opened his mouth but then closed it again when no sound came out. Instead, he just shook his head. "Where's your sister now?" he finally asked.
	"Ulani took her to the village healer. I can take you there now."
	Aouli's father just nodded, and the two of them turned and swam through the waters.
	When they arrived at the healer's place, a crowd of people had already gathered around Healani. Glowing shells and rocks illuminated the space, casting everyone's faces in an assortment of interesting shadows.
	Healani floated in the water in the middle of all of them, and as Aouli looked on, he was pleased to say that Ulani was working alongside the elderly healer.
	"How is she?" The crowd parted for Aouli's father as he swam over to his daughter.
	"She's in no critical condition," the healer explained with a faint smile on her face. "She was rendered unconscious for being out of the water for too long, but now that's she back, she should wake in a couple of hours."
	"Just what happened to her?" Aouli's father looked on at the red marks from the netting that covered Healani's body. There was something like heartbreak in his voice.
	"It was the nets," Ulani explained sadly. "The humans didn't bother to try and be gentle."
	Aouli's father's eyes darkened. "Those humans."
	"Father," Aouli said quickly, "not all the humans are bad. The humans are actually the ones who help me free Healani."
	Aouli's father sighed heavily. "Humans are dangerous, Aouli."
	Aouli looked over at his father. "Yes, I know. But not all of them. They're also kind. What about the humans who have been protecting us for generations? Haven't they always been helping us?"
	Aouli's father sighed again. "Maybe I have been too quick to judge them all as a whole."
	"Humans are always going to be here living alongside us," Aouli continued. "If you always live with that distrust, you'll miss the opportunities to make peace."
	Suddenly, there was movement from where Healani was floating in the water, and her eyes slowly fluttered open.
	"Healani!" Aouli was at his sister's side in an instant.
	Healani blinked, and her voice was weak. "Aouli?"
	"You're safe now." Aouli's face melted into a smile. "You're home."
	Healani looked at Aouli. "I heard you call out to me from the other side of the door on the boat. Even when I was moved-you knew where to find me."
	"I wouldn't just leave you there at the mercy of that angry man," Aouli reassured his sister. Then he turned to face his father. "The angry man was the one who kidnapped Healani. He wanted to expose us to the human world. Fortunately, we stopped him before he could do that."
	Aouli's father exhaled. "Things could have gone very badly. It looks like we still have the gods on our side, after all."
	"I think it all comes down to trust," Aouli said knowingly. "If you can find the right person, you'll have a friend for a lifetime. I met a number of people like that, and they were willing to help me free Healani even at the expense of their own safety. For that, I'm forever in their debt."
	"What happened to your hair?" Healani blinked as if she suddenly realized the change.
	Aouli looked around at the crowd gathered at the healer's residence. "It's a long story. Shall I start from the beginning?"

~

	By the following morning, everyone in the village knew of how Aouli had become a human and how he had freed his sister with the help of his human friends. All of them knew about Ruby, the brave girl with the deep-red hair. All of them knew about the little white creature that followed her everywhere. They all knew about Kekoa.
	"Aouli, Aouli!" The village children swam up to him as he made his way toward Ulani's cave. "Off to see Ulani?"
	Aouli turned to offer them a grin. "I am, in fact."
	"Can we come with you?" one of the children asked excitedly. "I don't think I've ever seen Ulani before. My brother told me that she has white hair and white eyes!"
	Aouli arched a brow. "You don't think she's scary?"
	"We think she's cool!" The children all nodded their heads in unanimous agreement.
	Aouli laughed. "Alright, then."
	When he finally reached Ulani's cave with his new entourage, Aouli motioned for them to wait out outside before swimming in to find Ulani.
	"Aouli!" Ulani appeared in front of him with a bright smile on her face. "You came to visit me."
	"You have a lot of visitors this time." Aouli inclined his head in the direction of the cave entrance. "Would you like to meet them?"
	Ulani clapped her hands together eagerly. "Of course! Let's let them in."
	"You heard her." Aouli turned to call out to the children listening in from just beyond the cave entrance. "You can come in."
	The children didn't need to be told twice before they were swimming inside.
	"You're Ulani?" One of the children looked up at Ulani. "You're the sea witch?"
	Ulani smiled. "That would be me."
	"I knew you wouldn't be scary!" the child said proudly. "If anything, you look a lot like my big sister! Come on, come play with us!"
	When Ulani turned to Aouli, he just shook his head with a smile. "You can go on ahead. This was only going to be a brief visit anyway. I promise I'll meet up with you later, but before that, there's one other person I need to pay a visit to first."
	"We'll be waiting for you." Ulani gave Aouli a wink before following the children out of the cave.
	Smiling, Aouli took off toward the direction of the shore.
	After arriving a short distance away from the sand, Aouli let his head break through the surface of the water. He looked out over the powdery sand, and there she was.
	Ruby spotted him almost instantly. She stood up from where she was sitting with her friends to wave at him, smiling widely. Aouli smiled back and swam over to join them.
      Maybe the following day, he'd bring Ulani with him to meet them. While Ulani normally didn't go far from her cave, she had swam all the way out to watch over his sister. And now she had even gone off to play with the village children. Maybe one day, Aouli would even be able to introduce his father and sister to Ruby and her friends.
      His sister was going to become the high chief in a matter of days, and everyone in the village was starting to make preparations for the ceremony that would take place in Healani's honor. This was the best ending Aouli could ask for.
      Today, Ruby and her friends were singing a song. It was the same song Ruby had been singing the day when Aouli had first seen her. It was a song of youth and friendship. A song of the ocean and sky. And even though Aouli didn't know the words, he found himself humming along as well.
      As a soft wind picked up and sent waves washing over the glittering scales of his tail, Aouli knew with certainty that this was a summer he would never forget.

    Chapter 18.5

Ru?y Z: And then Mr. Kekoa even gave me his personal phone number saying that I could call him if I ever needed anything!

Zhang T: Wow. If I got the phone number of a police, I'd feel honored. And a little bit scared.

Ru?y Z: Oh come on. Mr. Kekoa isn't scary. Did you read any of the messages I've been sending you?

Zhang T: I know, I know, I'm just kidding.

Zhang T: I've been reading all of them very intently. Isabelle and San wanted to know everything as well, so I've been reading them out loud to them. You should be proud of me-I'm doing the voices and everything.

Zhang T: If you're going to blame anyone for my slow replies, blame the two of them.

Ru?y Z: So, Tilden, who's San?

Zhang T: Hahaha thought you could catch me off guard now, did you? You're coming back home in a few days. Patience, little sister.

Ru?y Z: On a different note, did you make up with Ba and Ma?

Zhang T: Yes, actually. The two of them called me last night on the phone and we spoke for hours. When you guys get back from Hawaii, I'm coming back to spend the rest of my stay at the house.

Ru?y Z: That's wonderful!

Zhang T: Speaking of coming back, do you want me to meet you at the airport?

Ru?y Z: Only if you want to. Our flight is scheduled to get back around Sunday at noon. If you'd rather be eating lunch at that time, I completely understand.

Zhang T: Oh my oh my. Decisions decisions.

Ru?y Z: I'm just happy your back. Beware. The next time I see you, I'm going to give you a big hug.

Zhang T: That's if Ba and Ma don't beat you to it first ;)

    Chapter 19

	The plane ride back to San Francisco flew by so quickly that, before Ruby knew it, they had already landed at the airport.
	"We're back!" Mari exclaimed and waved her arms energetically as they stepped off the plane. "Even the sun and clear skies are here to greet us!"
	"It feels like only yesterday that we were flying out to Maui," Grace lamented. "I'm going to miss the warm weather and sandy beaches."
	"I'm going to miss our new friends," Tye said with a sigh. "We really had something going there, you know."
	Ruby gave Tye and knowing smile. "We'll see them again. One day."
	"Look," Tomas said quietly after scanning the people meandering through the airport. "There's Tilden and Isabelle."
	"Hello." Tilden smiled when all of them reached him. "Had a nice trip, did you now?"
	"I can't help but feel jealous of all of you," Isabelle added lightly. "Do take me along with you next time."
	Tilden elbowed Isabelle in the arm. "When you're not busy with summer sessions, I'll buy you a ticket too. Anyway"-Tilden turned to address Ruby and her friends-"the car can fit three of you. I hope the other two of you don't mind riding with my parents. Am I going to drop you guys off at your houses or-"
	"Let's go to Tomas's house," Mari said eagerly. "Today's the day we finally get to meet San!"
	"Is that fine with you?" Tilden turned to look at his parents, and after the two of them had nodded their heads, Tilden turned on his heel. "The car's this way."
	"Who wants to go with Tilden?" Ruby turned to her friends. "I think it would make sense for me to ride back with my parents."
	"I can join you," Mari offered. "The rest of you can go with Tilden and Isabelle."
	Nodding, Grace, Tye, and Tomas went to follow Tilden. Ruby and Mari stayed behind.
	"This reminds me a little bit of the past," Ruby's mom commented as the four of them climbed into the car after loading their bags into the trunk. "I remember when the two of you had playdates, we'd be driving you girls all over the place."
	Mari smiled wistfully. "It does a little bit." She scoped Singsing onto her lap. "Some things have changed, but some things have also stayed the same-we're still great friends, and now we have three other wonderful friends with us too."
	Ruby turned to Mari as the car rolled into motion. "We should hang out more. During this past school year, I felt like I've been so busy I haven't been able to fully involve myself in your club activities or follow your blog."
	Mari shook her head hurriedly. "You don't have to do either of those things. I-"
	"I know I don't have to. But I want to. Let's do some catching up, how does that sound?"
	"It sounds wonderful." Mari's expression melted into a smile, and Ruby grinned back.

~

	When they arrived at Tomas's house, they didn't have to wait long before Tilden's car pulled into the driveway. "Try not to trash the place." Isabelle turned to Ruby and her friends as she stood outside the front door. "My moms won't be back from work until later, and I've got a class in an hour."
	"We know, we know."
	After shaking back her long black hair, Isabelle inserted the key into the lock and pushed the door open.
	"Hello?" Mari called out as she stepped over the threshold after Isabelle.
	Suddenly, there was a flash of motion from the hallway, and Ruby looked over in surprise to see a black-spotted cat pad toward them, curious about the commotion. But the moment the cat noticed everyone staring, it froze and looked in every direction except at the group huddled in the living room.
	"San!" Tilden laughed as he hurried over to scoop the cat into his arms. "Don't be afraid. These are your friends!"
	"San?" Ruby stared at the cat in disbelief.
	To her surprise, Tye had burst out into laughter. "I knew it!" he pointed wildly at the cat. "I knew it!"
	"You knew it?" Grace whirled to face her brother. "You knew San was a cat, and you didn't tell us?"
	"I had a suspicion after Tilden drove us to the airport," Tye explained when he finally stopped laughing. "You know I'm allergic to cats. Tilden must have had cat fur all over him."
	Tilden's eyes danced with laughter. "Looks like only one out of the five of you got me. Alright, kids, game over. Looks like I've won."
	Tomas turned to his sister. "Isabelle, you knew too!"
	 Isabelle tilted her head to the side. "It wouldn't be much fun if I spoiled the grand reveal."
	Tilden cradled the cat in his arms. "I stick to my word, though-San is the joy of my life."
	Ruby finally recovered from her state of shock. "Singsing is going to feel betrayed."
	"Really?" Tilden said mildly. "I think San and Singsing will be great friends."

~

      Ruby sat in her room, the screen of her computer illuminating her face as she scanned through various articles about the ordeal that had gone down on the dock. There were numerous video clips circulating of the moment when Mr. Stevenson had lunged forward to attack, how Aouli had intercepted him and was pushed off the side of the boat, and then how Ruby had leaped into the water after him.
	All the articles talked about who Mr. Stevenson was and how he had gone against the wishes of the company he worked for by polluting the waters behind their backs. Each article described Ruby and Aouli as high school interns working with the camera crew, and fortunately, nothing about Ruby's connection to Mr. Stevenson and the company had found its way into any of them. Her dad's company had spoken to the press themselves, explaining that they had fired Mr. Stevenson for his actions and had nothing more to do with him.
	Suddenly, Ruby's phone buzzed. It was a text from Mari to the group chat. I spent all day working on this digital photo album of our time together in Maui! Mari's message read. Check it out when you have time!
	Ruby smiled and tapped the link Mari had added. The album popped open on her screen, and the pages were decorated with little stickers and tape. As Ruby tapped through the pages, she hadn't realized Mari had taken so many pictures. There were pictures of the beach, the ocean, the house they had been staying at. There were pictures of the restaurants and shops and their friends.
      It was nice sitting there, flipping through the pages and reliving the trip. When Ruby reached the final page, she blinked down at the image. This was the picture Mari had taken with Aouli, and all six of their faces smiled up at the camera.
	Ruby looked at the picture for a long moment before a new notification appeared at the top of her screen. Her friends seemed to have just viewed the album as well and were complimenting Mari for her hard work. After sending her own praises, Ruby stood up and hurried out of her room to knock on the door to her brother's room.
	"What's up," Tilden said as the door to his room opened. San was draped around his shoulders like a furry scarf, and the cat looked very ready to fall asleep at any moment.
	"Did you see the digital photo album Mari sent?" Ruby asked.
	"I haven't." Tilden stepped aside to let Ruby into the room. "My phone's dead. Do show me."
	"What happened to your phone?" Ruby laughed as she looked around Tilden's room. His room was just as tidy as before, and his violin case was sitting on his desk as the perfect centerpiece.
	"San was sleeping on me," Tilden said simply. "I was watching cat videos on my phone, and when it died, the charger was too far away."
	"Right." Ruby shook her head, still smiling. "Well, someone's not practicing."
	Tilden waved her off. "Shh. Let's see this album."
	"Ruby, Tilden," Ruby's mom called up the stairs. "Dinner's ready."
	Ruby motioned for Tilden to follow her downstairs. "Come on. This is perfect-we can show Ba and Ma the album too!"
	Tilden nodded and untangled San from him as if the cat really was a scarf.
	"Coming!" Ruby called down the stairs as she waited for her brother. Tilden shut the door behind him, keeping San safely inside. As much as Ruby and Tilden hoped that Singsing would get along with San, the puppy's hyper energy was still too much for the poor cat. But if they gave the two some time, Ruby was confident they'd warm up to each other with a little coaxing.
	After hurrying down the stairs, Ruby took her seat at the table.
	"Here." Ruby's dad piled food onto his children's plates. "Have some vegetables."
	"Where's the meat?" Tilden jokingly complained. "Under all these vegetables, it's practically hidden!"
	"Look at how skinny you are!" Ruby's mom reached for the meat dish. "Here-" But before she could spoon a serving onto Tilden's plate, Ruby's dad put a hand on her arm.
	"Vegetables are good for you." Ruby's dad chuckled. "Have some more." Ever since Ruby's dad had been promoted to the position of CEO, his entire deminor was happier than Ruby had seen him in many years. But it wasn't only because of his new position-Mr. Stevenson being gone now also played a big role.
	As her family chatted and laughed together, Ruby grinned. She had gone on an adventure and then returned home to her family. There was no better way to spend the summer.

    Epilogue
One Year Later

	"That was just our last class of the day," Ruby said with a smile as she brushed her red-tipped hair over her shoulder. "Our last class of high school."
	Tye looked around the hallways at the flood of students slowly but steadily dispersing. "It feels almost surreal in a way. This will be our last time walking these halls."
	Ruby sighed. "It's only been, what, four years here? I wish we didn't have to spend these last hours with finals."
	"Oh, we're not finishing our high school experience with finals," Tye said knowingly. "We've still got the variety show, after all. Don't start worrying about how you did on the finals until we've basked in the glory of our performance."
	Ruby clapped Tye on the back. "I should be the one saying that to you." There was a thud as all the books in his backpack toppled over.
	"Oh look, now you've done it," Tye said, but he was laughing too.
	"Hi!" Grace said in an excited whisper as she hurried over to the two of them.
	"Mari and Tomas should already be waiting in the auditorium by now," Ruby noted. "Come on, let's go catch up."
	Nodding, the twins followed Ruby down the hallway.
	"How did your finals go?" Ruby turned to Grace as they made their way out of the academic building.
	Grace gave Ruby a small smile. "I'm feeling pretty good about them, actually. I'm more worried about my scores on the AP tests at this point."
	"I'm sure you did great on them," Ruby reassured her friend. "Last year you were worrying about them too, but you ended up getting fours and fives on all of them!"
	When the three of them arrived at the auditorium, they found Mari and Tomas waiting for them in front of the stage. The front seats were reserved for all the performers, and Mari jumped up to wave them over. Her brown hair was in its signature twin braids as always, and today she wore a special bright pink beanie for the occasion.
	Tomas rose to his feet as well-not that he had much of a choice since his fingers were still enterlaced with Mari's.
	"Ready?" Mari asked excitedly. "I'm so nervous-all five of us have been working so hard for this."
	"We're going to go out there and have fun," Ruby said determinedly.
	"Look," Tomas said quietly as he nodded in the direction of the audience. "We've already got a sizable crowd."
	Grace stood on her tiptoes to scan the sea of faces. "I can see my parents! Ruby, your parents are there too! And there's Tilden!"
	"Look, Tomas!" Mari pointed to the doors of the auditorium. "There's your parents."
	An announcement sounded, and the quiet murmuring that filled the auditorium subsided. "We need the first ten acts backstage. If you are performing in one of the first ten acts, please make your way backstage now."
	"That's us!" Ruby grinned. "Let's go!"
	
~

	Standing in the wings of the stage with her guitar in hand and her friends by her side, Ruby looked out at the dancers currently performing their own routine. She still couldn't believe that she was graduating. Time seemed to have gone by in a blink of an eye.
      Time was an interesting ocean full of twists and turns, bends and folds. An ocean where one could look back over their shoulder at the waters but never quite touch them. The waves were like memories, washing up and then fading away only to wash up again.
	Ruby had plans for the future now. Her friends all had plans for the future: Grace was going to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a professional dancer. She received the news of her acceptance the same week her dance instructor gave her a lead role in their production, and she called Ruby each time to ecstatically share the news. Tye, on the other hand, was going somewhere even farther than the East Coast; he was planning to spend a couple of years studying abroad in Europe.
	Mari would be staying in the area. Much to her delight, she had managed to get into the big university across the bay. At first, Mari had been looking at schools all over the country. Now that she and Tomas were in a relationship, both were willing to do long-distance since Tomas was planning to stay in San Francisco to study music. However, now they wouldn't be as far apart as they had first thought.
	And Ruby? Ruby would be taking a year off-a gap year. During that time, she planned to travel to Maui and intern at a marine biology lab. There was a certain somebody on the island Ruby couldn't help but look forward to seeing again . . .
	"And our next performers are Grace Benson, Tye Benson, Mari Fields, Tomas Quevedo, and Ruby Zhang!" the announcer's voice rang out.
	Ruby could feel her friends' eyes on her, and she turned to give them all a bright smile as she secured her guitar strap. This was their time to shine. This performance marked the end of their high school experience and the beginning of their journey into the world. Even though their paths were branching out in different directions, Ruby knew this wouldn't be their last performance together.
	There was applause as the five of them stepped out of the wings and onto the stage. They took their positions in front of the various microphones that had been set up for them. This time, Ruby and Mari stood side by side, with both of their microphones set up at the front of the stage.
	When the applause finally subsided, Grace counted off the beat, and then the music started. Ruby's fingers formed each chord with ease, and as the muscle memory started kicking in, she let herself get lost in the music.
      This song was a duet. It was a song of youth and friendship, of the ocean and sky. A song of secrets and truths. It was the song of the children they had been and the five young adults they had become.
	Grace's drums were like a lively dance, Tye's bass was a steady beat, and Tomas's keyboard work even more impressive than it had been the last time Ruby had heard it during their practice session.
	Then the last chord was hit, and as the sound faded, the audience erupted into applause. Ruby smiled out at the crowd. Her breathing was heavy, and her heart rate was quick from all the adrenaline. All the faces, familiar and not so familiar, were smiling back at her.
      As she turned around to look at her friends, Ruby couldn't help but smile and smile and smile. And together, they all joined hands on center stage and took a bow.
      This was the start of a new adventure.
